October 25, 2024




                   Vroozi November 2024
                         Release Preview

Table of Contents:
Vroozi Administration (Admin)                                                         2
   Company Code Restrictions for AP Managers                                          2
Vroozi Purchase (Supplier)                                                            3
   Highlighting Canceled Line Items in an Updated PO PDF                              3
Resolutions                                                                           3




Please see the descriptions below for the Vroozi SpendTech™ module enhancements
coming November 15, 2024*. The Vroozi early release preview offers descriptions of
enhancements, application fixes, new features and new modules when applicable. To
ensure your continued success, release notes with the features that will be deployed
into production will be provided closer to the release date. Early access for review and
testing will be available in Vroozi customer test environments (System Name: SOCI or
PERF) on October 25, 2024.
Vroozi Administration (Admin)

COMPANY CODE RESTRICTIONS FOR AP MANAGERS

Administrators can restrict an Accounts Payable Manager’s visibility to Invoices and Memos
by Company Code. This allows companies to create invoice processing strategies across
multiple company codes and restrict invoices that need to be processed by the relevant
company code.

To enable this feature, please contact support@vroozi.zendesk.com. When enabled,
Admins configure the restriction under Accounts Payable > Settings >Inbox > Structured
Document Submission Access Rules.

This feature is related to the ‘Restricting Inbox Visibility for AP Managers’ feature that was
released in October 2024, where companies could restrict AP Managers to specific invoices
defined in the inbox access rules (as opposed to AP Managers seeing all invoices).

Currently this feature is rolled out to AP Managers. In future releases, we plan to include AP
Approvers, AP Coders, and AP Auditor roles.




                                                                              Release Preview 2
Vroozi Purchase (Supplier)

HIGHLIGHTING CANCELED LINE ITEMS IN AN UPDATED PO PDF

Canceled line items on a Purchase Order Change Request will now be displayed more
prominently on the PDF document that is sent to the supplier. This will provide better
visibility into what line items were canceled on the new PO version.

This feature will be available by default on all POCR documents that are sent to the
supplier.




Resolutions
   ●   PRs that were auto-forwarded during Approval incorrectly display the Fallback
       Approver as part of the approval chain. The Fallback Approver will no longer
       display when a PR is auto-forwarded.
   ●   The system will now account for deleted unreceived items in a PO Change
       Request (POCR) to update the PO status to RECEIVED.




                                                                       Release Preview 3
●   Notes will no longer be duplicated for rejected POCRs where the user updated
    the Supplier Notes.
●   Users will be able to delete items on a rejected PO Change Request so they can
    update and resubmit.
●   Users will be able to access the side panel on a mobile device when in landscape
    mode.
●   The PO Search filter will now include POs created via Buy Route.
●   When an admin eliminates roles in user profile, the change will be reflected in
    the user bulk upload.
●   Resolved an inconsistency in quantity displayed. An internal catalog would
    appear as, “1”, but when transferred to the cart the system would display “1.0”.
●   Eliminated the duplicate attachment when a Sourcing Reviewer uploaded an
    attachment on a POCR.
●   “Track All Invoices” sort by feature would display the correct results in the table.
    However when a user entered the document view and navigated to the next
    invoice using the arrow buttons, the search results and sorting was not
    maintained. The next invoice in the document view will now follow the sort
    display.
●   Resolved an issue where the GL Account was not displayed on the Invoice PDF.
●   Users can now view, create, and process invoices from the hopper without losing
    their place in their work list eg: not be disrupted by new incoming invoices.
●   Fixed the issue where AP users with both AP Manager and AP Processor roles
    were unable to see invoices in the Hopper.
●   Resolved the issue where AP Processors could view and take action on Supplier
    Portal invoices from the Hopper that did not follow the Structured access rule.
●   Clients who were not using any accounting categories received a "Cost Center
    required" error message on Non-PO OCR Invoice documents. This issue has
    been corrected.
●   For non-catalog items without a Unit of Measure (UOM), the system assigns “AU”
    if that exists in the company’s UOM master data. Otherwise, UOM is left blank.
    For catalog items, the UOM is taken from the catalog UOM.
●   Users can now update the delivery date or service period on line items during PO
    Change Requests.




                                                                        Release Preview 4
