May 3, 2024




                       Vroozi May 2024
                      Release Preview


Table of Contents:
Vroozi Purchase (Administrator)                                                2
   New Dynamic Workflow Trigger Based on Highest Value                         2
   More Accounting and Organizational Elements are available for the Dynamic
   Workflow Conditions                                                         3
   Bulk Upload/Download to Create and Maintain the Dynamic Workflow Approval
   Rules                                                                       4
Vroozi Purchase & Invoice (Employee, Buyer, Approver, AP Processor, AP
Approvers, AP Coders and AP Managers)                                          5
   Introducing Drag-and-Drop Columns                                           5
Resolutions                                                                    7
Please see the descriptions below for the Vroozi SpendTech™ module enhancements
coming May 24th, 2024*. The Vroozi early release preview offers descriptions of
enhancements, application fixes, new features and new modules when applicable. To
ensure your continued success, release notes with the features that will be deployed
into production will be provided closer to the release date. Early access for review and
testing will be available in Vroozi customer test environments (System Name: SOCI or
PERF) on May 3rd, 2024.



Vroozi Purchase (Administrator)

NEW DYNAMIC WORKFLOW TRIGGER BASED ON HIGHEST VALUE

Administrators have a new option to trigger the dynamic workflow approvals based on
the accounting combination with the highest total spend value across all the line
items. This means that approver(s) responsible for the most spend in a Purchase
Requests, Purchase Order Change Requests, Payment Requests, Memos, and Invoices
will make the approval decision for that document.

The new option to trigger the approval is available in the Admin Panel under Company
=> Workflow => Approval Matching Method. Admins will have the option to select the
new approval trigger based on the accounting combination with the highest value, or
based on the first line item (default).




Note: Customers will need to have the New Dynamic Workflow enabled in their Vroozi
system. The new Dynamic Workflow provides greater flexibility and control in the
approval process to adapt the approvals to better suit specific financial oversight
requirements (eg: based on combinations of organizational and accounting elements).
The new Dynamic Workflow delivers more of the financial approvals that reduce
financial risks and improve compliance with internal controls.




                                                                   Release Preview 05/03/2024 2
MORE ACCOUNTING AND ORGANIZATIONAL ELEMENTS ARE AVAILABLE FOR
THE DYNAMIC WORKFLOW CONDITIONS

The Dynamic Workflow introduces additional accounting and organizational elements
to expand the approval workflow coverage and control more spend categories under
management. The new accounting and organizational elements include:

   ●   WBS Elements
   ●   Internal Orders
   ●   Profit Centers
   ●   Classes
   ●   Customers
   ●   Purchasing Organizations
   ●   Location Types

The additional elements allow for more precise and relevant workflow configurations
that better align with the specific financial controls and organizational structures of the
organization.

The configuration is available in the Admin Panel under Company => Workflow =>
Approval Rules. The accounting and organizational objects are selected in the workflow
condition(s) to trigger the rule.




                                                                    Release Preview 05/03/2024 3
Note: Customers will need to have the New Dynamic Workflow enabled in their Vroozi
system. The new Dynamic Workflow provides greater flexibility and control in the
approval process to adapt the approvals to better suit specific financial oversight
requirements (eg: based on combinations of organizational and accounting elements).
The new Dynamic Workflow delivers more of the financial approvals that reduce
financial risks and improve compliance with internal controls.



BULK UPLOAD/DOWNLOAD TO CREATE AND MAINTAIN THE DYNAMIC
WORKFLOW APPROVAL RULES

Admins will have the ability to manage the Dynamic Workflow approval rules more
efficiently through a bulk upload and download using a file in .XLSX file format.




                                                               Release Preview 05/03/2024 4
The bulk upload/download is available in the Approval Rules configuration in the Admin
Panel under Company => Workflow => Approval Rules. A downloadable template is
provided in the system to set up the correct format for the upload. Also, an error report
can be downloaded to quickly correct any issues with the latest upload.




Note: Customers will need to have the New Dynamic Workflow enabled in their Vroozi
system. The new Dynamic Workflow provides greater flexibility and control in the
approval process to adapt the approvals to better suit specific financial oversight
requirements (eg: based on combinations of organizational and accounting elements).
The new Dynamic Workflow delivers more of the financial approvals that reduce
financial risks and improve compliance with internal controls.




Vroozi Purchase & Invoice (Employee, Buyer,
Approver, AP Processor, AP Approvers, AP
Coders and AP Managers)

INTRODUCING DRAG-AND-DROP COLUMNS
This release introduces drag-and-drop functionality to the user experience. Users will
now be able to rearrange columns according to their preference using a new green
grip icon that appears when hovering over the column header. Drag-and-Drop
Columns will be available on:

   ●   Track Invoices (all statuses)
   ●   Track Memos (all statuses)




                                                                  Release Preview 05/03/2024 5
  ●   Resolve Invoices
  ●   Code Invoices
  ●   Approve Invoices
  ●   Code Memos
  ●   Approve Memos
  ●   Payment Request
  ●   Approve Payment Request
  ●   Purchase Order

The new drag-and-drop delivers enhanced customization and usability for users in
those documents.




                                                           Release Preview 05/03/2024 6
Resolutions
 ●   When Purchase Requests were submitted and sent to external systems (eg: and
     ERP system), the email notifications to Requesters indicated that the PR was
     approved. The email notification will now more accurately state that the PR has
     been submitted to the External System for further processing.
 ●   This release resolves an issue where the Apply to All modal would not close after
     selecting the Tax Code field in the Invoice and Memo.
 ●   .msg files are no longer supported for upload to an invoice document. The file
     type causes errors when posting the Invoice to NetSuite.




                                                               Release Preview 05/03/2024 7
