November 26, 2024




                  Vroozi December 2024
                         Release Preview

Table of Contents:
Vroozi Analytics                                                                      2
   Invoice Exception Tracking in Reporting                                            2
Vroozi Invoice                                                                        2
   Approval Preview in Invoices, Memos, and Payment Requests                          2
Resolutions                                                                           4




Please see the descriptions below for the Vroozi SpendTech™ module enhancements
coming December 13, 2024*. The Vroozi early release preview offers descriptions of
enhancements, application fixes, new features and new modules when applicable. To
ensure your continued success, release notes with the features that will be deployed
into production will be provided closer to the release date. Early access for review and
testing will be available in Vroozi customer test environments (System Name: SOCI or
PERF) on November 25, 2024.
Vroozi Analytics

INVOICE EXCEPTION TRACKING IN REPORTING

Invoice exception types will now be stored in the analytics database. The system will
now capture the exceptions as the invoice transitions through various statuses and
eventual resolution. Users with reporting access will gain insights into why invoices go
into exception handling and how the exceptions are eventually resolved. Ultimately the
analysis will help to reduce exceptions or to resolve exceptions faster over time.

This feature will be available by default and accessible by companies with Ad Hoc
reporting. The Vroozi team will deliver standard exception reports for all customers in
an upcoming release. Note that the exception types will be available on any newly
created documents (ie: it will not be available for historical invoices created prior to this
release).



Vroozi Invoice

APPROVAL PREVIEW IN INVOICES, MEMOS, AND PAYMENT REQUESTS

For companies using the new dynamic workflow, Invoices, Memos, and Payment
Requests will now display an approval preview in the right-hand document menu.
Users in the AP documents can now confirm that the document will follow the proper
workflow.

This feature will be enabled automatically for all customers who have the Dynamic
Workflow enabled. To enable the dynamic workflow, please contact Customer Support
or email Customer Success at success@vroozi.com




                                                                             Release Preview 2
Release Preview 3
Resolutions
 ●   The system will now display auto-created invoices to AP Processors in the
     absence of Structured Document Submission Access Rules.
 ●   Resolved a rounding issue with 50% distribution that prevented Payment
     Requests from posting successfully into the ERP system.
 ●   Fixed an issue introduced into the line item modal in the last release that
     allowed service line items to be created with a $0.00 price. It is once again no
     longer possible to have line items in the PR / PO with a $0.00 price.
 ●   Delivered a more appropriate error response when a cXML order confirmation
     was submitted for a Confirmed Order. The system previously returned a null
     pointer exception.




                                                                      Release Preview 4
