June 7, 2024




                           Vroozi July 2024
                           Release Preview


Table of Contents:
Vroozi Administration (Admin)                                                           2
   Admin Control for Out of Office Settings                                             2
   Assign Alternative Approvers and Buyers in the User Profile                          5
   Type Ahead Search to Assign Approvers                                                6
   Accounting Validation Enhancements                                                   7
      Accounting Validation Display on the Line Item View                               7
      Provide missing Output Destination when the Accounting Validation is Successful   8
      Add Approval Notes after the Accounting Validation is Successful                  8
Resolutions                                                                             9
Please see the descriptions below for the Vroozi SpendTech™ module enhancements
coming July 5th, 2024*. The Vroozi early release preview offers descriptions of
enhancements, application fixes, new features and new modules when applicable. To
ensure your continued success, release notes with the features that will be deployed
into production will be provided closer to the release date. Early access for review and
testing will be available in Vroozi customer test environments (System Name: SOCI or
PERF) on June 7th, 2024.



Vroozi Administration (Admin)

ADMIN CONTROL FOR OUT OF OFFICE SETTINGS

Admins now have the ability to control and manage the Out of Office (OOO) settings
for users in the Admin Panel under Master Data > Users. To keep approvals moving
when users forget to set up their own Out of Office configuration, the Out of Office
settings can now be configured by the company’s Admin user.

The user record now shows two tabs: “BASIC INFO” and “DELEGATION INFO”.

   ●   “BASIC INFO” contains all the existing user settings, such as Basic Information,
       Roles, Approval Settings, Document Defaults, etc.
   ●   “DELEGATION INFO” (new) contains the Out of Office (OOO) settings that allow
       Admins to efficiently manage OOO configurations based on the company's
       policies and user roles.




                                                                   Release Preview 06/07/2024 2
In the configuration, the Admin can:
    ● Define the validity period
    ● Create a message
    ● Set the Action and an Out of Office approver where applicable
          ○ Next Approver - skips the person’s approval step and goes to the next step
          ○ Specific Approver - select from an approver role in the system
          ○ Do Not Forward




                                                                Release Preview 06/07/2024 3
The availability of the Delegation Tab is conditional upon the company's OOO settings
and the user’s role.




                                                                Release Preview 06/07/2024 4
With Out of Office configuration on the user record, Admins now have greater control
over OOO settings, especially for roles critical to keep approval workflows moving,
including Financial Approvers, Payment Request Approvers, Sourcing Approvers, and
Accounts Payable Approvers.




ASSIGN ALTERNATIVE APPROVERS AND BUYERS IN THE USER PROFILE

Company Admins now have the ability to assign Alternate Approvers and Buyers in the
Admin Panel under Master Data > Users. On the Basic Info tab, the Alternative
Approver is located in the Approval Settings and the Alternative Buyer is located under
the Buyer Settings.




                                                                 Release Preview 06/07/2024 5
For the Alternate Approve, both approvers (approver and alternate) will get a
notification to approve a document. Either approver can take action on that
document. Similarly for the Alternate Buyer, the buyer and alternate will have the
option to take action on the work item.

Now Admins can assign alternate users to enhance the management of approval and
purchasing workflows for faster and more flexible workflows.




TYPE AHEAD SEARCH TO ASSIGN APPROVERS

to assign an approver (eg: alternate, out of office, next approver) Vroozi introduces a
user-friendly search field to quickly find and select an approver. Instead of scrolling
through dropdowns, Admins can now use type ahead search to assign a person.




                                                                    Release Preview 06/07/2024 6
ACCOUNTING VALIDATION ENHANCEMENTS

With Accounting Validation enabled, companies can make sure that valid accounting
combinations are used in the purchasing documents. In this release, the Vroozi team
delivered new features to enhance the validation and user experience. Please note that
Accounting Validation needs to be enabled for your account.



ACCOUNTING VALIDATION DISPLAY ON THE LINE ITEM VIEW

The line item view now displays the results of the accounting validation so that users
can take the specific actions to resolve the error(s). As the user is working in the line
item view, the system will inform users immediately regarding any invalid accounting
strings.




                                                                    Release Preview 06/07/2024 7
PROVIDE MISSING OUTPUT DESTINATION WHEN THE ACCOUNTING VALIDATION IS
SUCCESSFUL

When the Output destination is missing from the Supplier record and the system
needs to prompt the user for the next step, the system will only prompt the user when
the accounting validation is successful.

ADD APPROVAL NOTES AFTER THE ACCOUNTING VALIDATION IS SUCCESSFUL

Vroozi will run the accounting validation upon the approval of the Purchase Request
and will only ask the approver to add approval notes if the accounting validation is
successful. In case of an invalid accounting string, the system will only display the error
for the accounting validation error and will not show the Add Approval Notes prompt.




                                                                    Release Preview 06/07/2024 8
Resolutions
 ●   Resolved an issue where the catalog item details page would get stuck loading
     due to a missing supplier logo.
 ●   The system now properly searches documents based on Company Code.
 ●   Drag-and-drop file attachment functionality now works as expected, allowing
     users to attach files seamlessly.
 ●   The PO closing notification email has been re-translated into Japanese.
 ●   When invoices with 0 tax are created from PR/POs using OCR, the tax value on
     the invoice accurately reflects zero tax.
 ●   Tax amounts will now recalculate upon adding or updating tax codes in Apply to
     All.
 ●   For partial invoices, we adjusted the tolerance percentage calculation method to
     consider the entire invoiced quantity rather than just the remaining amount.
 ●   cXML, Supplier Portal, and Hopper invoices will only be displayed to relevant
     users in the Document Flow.
 ●   The system will no longer revert to a limited line item view after updating an
     invoice line item . The system will continue to "Show all" if that’s where the user
     started.
 ●   "Apply to All" on non-PO Invoices will no longer trigger an error when there’s a
     missing company code.
 ●   AP users can search for invoice line items regardless of letter case.
 ●   OCR icons will now be displayed correctly for all relevant fields ie: where the
     system entered data.
 ●   Requesters with Admin roles will only see Accept/Reject after exception
     resolution on system-generated invoices (e.g., cXML or OCR) based on
     structured document rules matches, or defaults to the AP Processor/Manager
     group if no matches are found.
 ●   The system will now release the budget amount upon PO cancellation.
 ●   The supplier acknowledgment button will now be visible in the POCR
     Confirmation email in all cases where this has been enabled for a supplier.
 ●   We fixed how categories are sorted on the PR/PO line item view. The list of
     categories will now follow the same sorting order as Category Management in
     the Admin panel.
 ●   We did a re-translation in Japanese for the labels used on the Save & Confirm
     action buttons during Goods Receipt (GR) creation.
 ●   Customers with a company code restriction in their user profile will now be able
     to use the PR bulk upload without errors.




                                                                  Release Preview 06/07/2024 9
