March 29, 2024




                         Vroozi April 2024
                          Release Preview


Table of Contents:
Vroozi Purchase (Administrator)                                                            2
   Auto Invoice Date Calculation in the Supplier Bulk Upload Template                      2
   Auto Invoice Date Calculation Setting in the Supplier History                           2
   More Granular Conditions for Dynamic Workflow                                           3
   Dynamic Workflow for Payment Requests                                                   5
Vroozi Invoice (AP Processor, AP Approvers, AP Coders and AP Managers)                     6
   Highlight Selected Comment in Document Side Panel when coming from an Email Notification6
Resolutions                                                                                7
Please see the descriptions below for the Vroozi SpendTech™ module enhancements
coming April 19th, 2024*. The Vroozi early release preview offers descriptions of
enhancements, application fixes, new features and new modules when applicable. To
ensure your continued success, release notes with the features that will be deployed
into production will be provided closer to the release date. Early access for review and
testing will be available in Vroozi customer test environments (System Name: SOCI or
PERF) on March 29th, 2024.




Vroozi Purchase (Administrator)

AUTO INVOICE DATE CALCULATION IN THE SUPPLIER BULK UPLOAD
TEMPLATE

In the previous release, Vroozi introduced a new toggle in the Supplier Master Record to
enable Auto Invoice Date Calculation (eg: invoice date calculated based on the Receipt
date). Auto Invoice Date Calculation can now be activated by supplier in the supplier
bulk upload file.

The column heading in the file is AUTO_INVOICE_DATE_CALCULATION

Note: Please contact the Vroozi Support team to enable Auto Invoice Date Calculation.



AUTO INVOICE DATE CALCULATION SETTING IN THE SUPPLIER HISTORY

The system now tracks changes made to the Allow Auto Invoice Date Calculation
toggle in the supplier master data record under “Change History”.

This will be available to customers using the Auto Invoice Date Calculation feature.




                                                                   Release Preview 3/29/2024 2
MORE GRANULAR CONDITIONS FOR DYNAMIC WORKFLOW

Companies can configure more flexible approval rules with Vroozi’s new Dynamic
Workflow.     When creating conditions to trigger workflows, company Admins can
create more granular conditions by adding more organizational and accounting
objects that are not seen as “Duplicate Approval Rule” issues. Previously, admins faced
restrictions when creating approval rules that belonged to the same accounting family.

Admins can create multiple conditions, but if the system identifies multiple approval
rules for a document, it will default to sending the document to the Fallback AP
Approver for approval.




                                                                 Release Preview 3/29/2024 3
Release Preview 3/29/2024 4
Note: This applies to customers using Vroozi’s Dynamic Workflow. Customers who do
not have the Dynamic Workflow feature enabled will need to contact the Support Team
to activate it.



DYNAMIC WORKFLOW FOR PAYMENT REQUESTS

Companies can now apply the new Dynamic workflow to Payment Requests.




                                                              Release Preview 3/29/2024 5
Customers using Payment Requests and the Dynamic Workflow will see the option to
select Payment Requests when configuring the workflow rules.




To enable the Dynamic Workflow for Payment Requests, contact Vroozi Support or
Customer Success.




Vroozi Invoice (AP Processor, AP Approvers,
AP Coders and AP Managers)

HIGHLIGHT SELECTED COMMENT IN DOCUMENT SIDE PANEL WHEN
COMING FROM AN EMAIL NOTIFICATION




                                                            Release Preview 3/29/2024 6
When users navigate from an email notification to a message, the selected comment is
now highlighted in the document side panel comments. Users can now easily identify
the specific comment in which they were tagged.




Resolutions
   ●   Gif files are now filtered to reduce logo files that appear in the invoice hopper.
   ●   We provided a fix for how the system was rounding the calculated tax value to
       the nearest decimal in the Purchase Request and Purchase Order.
   ●   Users are no longer able to specify a negative value in the unit price field for line
       items in the PR and PO.
   ●   The system now updates the line item tax when a user copies an existing PR and
       then manually edits the line items.




                                                                     Release Preview 3/29/2024 7
●   PO document history would show the unit price for newly copied line items
    added in a POCR, as “0” even though the unit price was not zero.
●   The system will now enforce inactive Buyer Groups when copying a Purchase
    Request.
●   The system assigns the correct cost centers for the company code (where there
    are cost centers assigned to multiple company codes) in a Purchase Request
    bulk upload.
●   Suppliers can use ellipsis to view the complete item description in a RFQ bid.




                                                             Release Preview 3/29/2024 8
