February 23, 2024




                        Vroozi March 2024
                           Release Preview


Table of Contents:
Vroozi Purchase (Administrator)                                               2
   Accounting String Bulk Upload                                              2
   Status Field on Create/Edit Accounting String Modal                        3
   Auto Invoice Date Calculation Toggle for Supplier Records                  4
   Unified Exception Handling Configuration Toggle in Invoice Coding Access   4
Vroozi Purchase (Budget Approver)                                             5
   Accounting Validation in Budget Workflow                                   5
Resolutions                                                                   5
Please see the descriptions below for the Vroozi SpendTech™ module enhancements
coming March 15th, 2024*. The Vroozi early release preview offers descriptions of
enhancements, application fixes, new features and new modules when applicable. To
ensure your continued success, release notes with the features that will be deployed
into production will be provided closer to the release date. Early access for review and
testing will be available in Vroozi customer test environments (System Name: SOCI or
PERF) on February 24th, 2024.




Vroozi Purchase (Administrator)
ACCOUNTING STRING BULK UPLOAD

Administrators will be able to upload the accounting string from the UI using XLSX or
CSV file format. Administrators will also have the ability to download the template or
export the data. If there are any validation errors, an error report will also be available for
the Administrator to download.

Please contact support if you want the accounting string feature to be enabled.

Note: For data exports, when the accounting string records reach up to 1 million, the
system will facilitate downloading in XLSX format. Should the export exceed this
threshold, the system will automatically switch to CSV format, as XLSX cannot
accommodate over 1 million records.




                                                                       Release Preview 2/23/2023 2
STATUS FIELD ON CREATE/EDIT ACCOUNTING STRING MODAL

A new field “Status” has been added on create/edit accounting string modal.
Administrator will have the option to keep a string active or inactive, in addition to the
validity period. This will give more flexibility to the Administrator to use duration or
status field.




                                                                     Release Preview 2/23/2023 3
AUTO INVOICE DATE CALCULATION TOGGLE FOR SUPPLIER RECORDS

Administrators now have the ability to enable the Auto Invoice Date calculation setting
within the Supplier record. This enhancement guarantees that the setting is
automatically activated for new suppliers, offering convenience and ensuring
consistency for clients leveraging this feature.




The new feature streamlines invoice management for Admins, offering a toggle to
easily manage the Auto Invoice Date Calculation setting in Supplier records. This
ensures consistency across the system, eliminates manual configuration for each
supplier, and reduces administrative overhead.

Note: Please contact the Vroozi support team to enable this feature. This toggle setting
will be saved and tracked on the Supplier change history page in the future releases.



UNIFIED EXCEPTION HANDLING CONFIGURATION TOGGLE IN INVOICE
CODING ACCESS

This release introduces a new toggle feature in Invoice Coding Access, allowing Admins
to enable or disable Coding and "Apply to All" functionality for Employee, Buyers, and
AP Coders, during Exception Handling. Previously, these features required contacting
Vroozi Support for activation, and users could only track coding changes through the
invoice audit trail. With this update, Admins have direct control over these settings,
providing a streamlined and user-friendly experience for managing Exception Handling
processes.

This is available on Accounts Payable => Settings => Preferences screen




                                                                   Release Preview 2/23/2023 4
Vroozi Purchase (Budget Approver)
ACCOUNTING VALIDATION IN BUDGET WORKFLOW

The Accounting Validation process will now be triggered when the budget approver
approves a PR. This will be applicable when both budget workflow and accounting
validation features are enabled.




Resolutions
   ●   Improved processing time for large catalog files containing more than 900,000
       items.
   ●   Changed how Payment Terms appear in the Purchase Order header. The listed
       options now appear in ascending order.
   ●   Fixed an issue where the system was populating the incorrect cost center, when
       using the PR line item bulk upload functionality.




                                                                 Release Preview 2/23/2023 5
●   The system will trigger accounting validation when the invoice is loaded or
    refreshed while a document is in Pending status.
●   A bug concerning the automation of Exception Handling on Invoices after a
    Goods Receipt (GR) creation, specifically regarding accounting string exceptions,
    has been resolved. The system now accurately detects and manages this
    scenario, guaranteeing seamless invoice processing despite accounting
    validation errors occurring after GR creation.
●   A bug concerning the failure of tax calculations to update automatically when
    modifying item quantity or unit price via inline editing on the Create Invoice
    screen has been resolved.
●   A bug was fixed where draft invoices generated from CXML invoices couldn't be
    updated after their corresponding purchase orders were canceled. Previously,
    users experienced a persistent "required fields" error at the bottom of the invoice
    page, hindering data saving at the backend. This fix allows details to be saved
    correctly, ensuring smooth invoice processing even with canceled purchase
    orders.




                                                                 Release Preview 2/23/2023 6
