June 12, 2024




                    Vroozi August 2024
                          Release Scope

Table of Contents:

Vroozi Administration                                                        2
   Change History Tab in User Profile                                        2
   Date selection controls now go up to the year 2099                        3
   Allow receipt of PO items based on when the individual item was ordered   4
Resolutions                                                                  4
Please see the descriptions below for the Vroozi SpendTech™ module enhancements
coming August 9th, 2024*. The Vroozi early release preview offers descriptions of
enhancements, application fixes, new features and new modules when applicable. To
ensure your continued success, release notes with the features that will be deployed
into production will be provided closer to the release date. Early access for review and
testing will be available in Vroozi customer test environments (System Name: SOCI or
PERF) on July 12th, 2024.



Vroozi Administration (Admin)

CHANGE HISTORY TAB IN USER PROFILE

User Change History will now be documented in the User profile, providing a detailed
historical record capturing all modifications made to the User’s record which enhances
transparency and auditability.

This feature will be automatically enabled for all customers upon release, there are no
additional configurations required. To view a User’s Profile Change History, navigate to
Master Data > Users > Edit User > Change History.




                                                                         Release Preview 2
DATE SELECTION CONTROLS NOW GO UP TO THE YEAR 2099

Users can now specify future delivery or service period end dates for line items up to
the year 2099. Previously, users were only able to select a future date up to 5 years from
the date of Purchase Requisition or Purchase Order creation.




                                                                          Release Preview 3
ALLOW RECEIPT OF PO ITEMS BASED ON WHEN THE INDIVIDUAL ITEM WAS
ORDERED

Goods Receipts can now be backdated to reflect the actual date of delivery for received
items, or service start date even if the “start date” or “received date” is before the Purchase
Order issue date. This new feature allows enhanced data accuracy, ensuring records reflect
accurate delivery dates and timelines that provides the user with greater flexibility.

Example: A user submits a PO on 7/1/2024 which includes 2 line items. Line item 1 has a
start date of 10/1/2024, and line item 2 has a start date of 2/1/2024. Line Item 1 on the Goods
Receipt can have a received or start date backdated to the PO creation date (7/1/24),
however line item 2 can have a received or start date dated back to the listed start of the
service period (2/1/24).

This feature will be automatically enabled and available to all customers by default.




Resolutions
   ●   Improved system functionality to automatically pre-fill Purchase Order numbers
       from PDFs during OCR, even if the supplier is not recognized, ensuring better
       accuracy in matching Purchase Orders.
   ●   Corrected a labeling issue with the Vertex Tax code field.
   ●   An error would occur when bulk updating Dynamic Workflow Rules that only
       included a location type as a condition.
   ●   Updated the system to ensure that email addresses used for approvers during bulk
       upload of approval rules in Dynamic Workflow are treated as case-insensitive.
   ●   Purchase Orders can now be searched based on Company Code on the
       Invoice/Memo PO Lookup page.
   ●   The Navigation Pane should show the bubble count of invoices in the exception
       queue, providing visibility into outstanding invoices.
   ●   Addressed an issue where a rounding error was affecting the distributed total
       amount in certain special cases.
   ●   Purchase Order header custom fields were not being updated or saved when a user
       removed the value of an “editable” custom field, on the Purchase Order header,
       using the Purchase Order Change Request process.
   ●   When a user creates a Purchase Order Change Request against a Received
       Purchase Order, where the “service period date” was the only change made, the PO
       status would incorrectly revert to Ordered. Now, the PO status will only change if a
       user makes a change that would require the PO to be reopened for further receiving.
   ●   Approval Status on Approved or Rejected Purchase Requests will now reflect the
       historically accurate approval chain to ensure transparency and auditing capabilities.




                                                                              Release Preview 4
