February 14, 2025




                     Vroozi March 2025
                       Release Preview

Table of Contents:
Vroozi Supplier Directory (Admin, Supplier Directory Admin, Supplier Directory
Power User, Supplier Directory Basic User)​                                       2
   User Groups for Supplier Record Access Control and Improved Maintenance in the
   Supplier Directory​                                                            2
Resolutions​                                                                      2
Please see the descriptions below for the Vroozi SpendTech™ module enhancements
coming March 14, 2025*. The Vroozi early release preview offers descriptions of
enhancements, application fixes, new features and new modules when applicable. To
ensure your continued success, release notes with the features that will be deployed
into production will be provided closer to the release date. Early access for review and
testing will be available in Vroozi customer test environments (System Name: SOCI or
PERF) on February 14, 2025.




Vroozi Supplier Directory (Admin, Supplier
Directory Admin, Supplier Directory Power
User, Supplier Directory Basic User)

USER GROUPS FOR SUPPLIER RECORD ACCESS CONTROL AND IMPROVED
MAINTENANCE IN THE SUPPLIER DIRECTORY
User Groups deliver structured, role-based access and settings to the Vroozi Supplier
Directory.

To control access, users are assigned to a user group. Supplier records are then linked to
one or more user groups to control user visibility to the supplier record. The supplier bulk
upload/download now supports a User Group field so it can be used to assign supplier
records to user groups.

For better supplier record maintenance, Supplier Directory Admins can filter and manage
supplier records on the basis of User Groups.




Resolutions
   ●​ Updated the Japanese translation for “Profit Center”.
   ●​ Fixed an error that was triggered in the approval when the company’s Fallback
      Approver was set as a Sourcing Reviewer’s alternate approver.
   ●​ Resolved an issue with the Purchase Request Apply to All automatically
      populating the Tax Code field when a user selected a Company Code




                                                                              Release Preview 2
