             Vroozi Invoice User
                                 Guide
Guide covering the various functionality and workflows available in Vroozi Invoice.




Table of Contents:

Vroozi Invoicing Terminology                                                           2

User Roles                                                                             3

Invoice Flows                                                                          3
   Create a new Vroozi PO based Invoice                                                3
   Create a new Vroozi PO based Invoice from a Document                                5
   Create a new Invoice not associated with a Vroozi PO (Non-PO Based)                 7
   ‘Assign’ or ‘Park’ Invoice                                                          7
   Submit Invoice for ‘Coding’                                                         8
   ‘Code’ an Invoice                                                                   9
   Edit line item data                                                                10
   Use Tax Field and Distribution Calculation                                          11
   Adjust Tax & Shipping Distribution                                                 12
   Submit Invoice for ‘Ready To Post’                                                 13
   Post Invoices to ERP                                                               13
   Posting Errors                                                                     14
   Re-invoicing                                                                       14
       Workflow with Re-invoicing enabled:                                            14
       Supplier Portal Workflow                                                       15
   Edit Documents in a Post-Approval Status                         16

Invoice Functionality                                              17
   Designate Invoice as ‘Final Invoice’                            17
      Additional Conditions                                        18
      Final Invoices from the Supplier Portal                      18
   ‘Copy’ Feature at the Invoice Line Item                         19
   PO Lookup                                                       20
   Split an Account Assignment                                      21
   View Invoice History                                            22

Exception Handling                                                 24
   Configuration                                                   24
      Goods Receipt Requirements (For 3-Way Match)                 24
      Tolerances                                                   25
      Exception Handlers                                           25
   Alerts                                                          26
      Alert Types                                                  26
   Exception Flows                                                 27
      Price Discrepancy                                            27
      Missing Goods Receipt                                        29
   Multi-PO Invoice Exceptions                                      31

Tips & Tricks                                                      32
   Invoice Line Item Searching                                     32
   In-Line Editing                                                 33
   Apply All and Presets                                           33
   Focus on Exceptions                                             34

Invoice Notifications                                               35
   Overdue invoices                                                 35
   Exception Handling                                               36




                                                     Invoicing Guide 1
                                                      Updated 5/18/2021
Vroozi Invoicing Terminology
Hopper: Central receiver for all incoming supplier invoices. Invoices may be sent via
cXML, emailed PDF and the Vroozi Supplier Portal.

Perfect Invoice: An invoice without any exceptions or alerts.

Tolerance: Defined value or quantity in which a buying organization identifies a
mismatch between the PO submitted to a Supplier and the Supplier’s invoice may
diverge. A breach of enabled tolerances will result in an Exception alert at the invoice
level.

Alert: An Alert is displayed when a value on an invoice line-item (e.g. price, quantity,
etc.) is within the defined tolerance but triggers a different tolerance to be breached,
thus creating an exception.

Exception: Notification that an invoice line item exceeds any defined tolerances.

Credit Memo: A statement of credit owed, typically initiated by the supplier.

Debit Memo: A statement of a ‘credit’, that the buying organization creates typically
created proactively by the buying organization.




                                                                         Invoicing Guide 2
                                                                          Updated 5/18/2021
User Roles
 Role          Additional          Description
               Role
               Allowances

 Accounts      ●    Allow for      Approve or reject an invoice.
 Payable            coding of
 Approver           invoice        *Role only applicable if admin requires buying
               ●    Allow for      organization to manually approve invoices.
                    editing an
                    invoice
                    during
                    approval

 Accounts      NA                  Retrieve, view and run reports on specific invoices in
 Payable                           the following statuses
 Auditor                                   1. Posted
                                           2. Paid
                                           3. Partially Paid
                                   *Can be restricted to view specific business units or
                                   locations based on company code allocations.
                                   *Cannot be designated as an exception handler.

 Accounts      NA                  View all invoices in the system. They can intercept,
 Payable                           code, approve and post invoices to the financial
 Manager                           system.

 Accounts      ●    Allow for      Process and submit invoices for coding and
 Payable            coding of an   approval, assign invoices to other AP processors or
 Processor          invoice        managers. park invoices Submit invoices for
                                   Exception Handling
                                   *Only have access to your own invoices.


Invoice Flows
CREATE A NEW VROOZI PO BASED INVOICE
Create a new Vroozi PO based Invoice, using an attachment from the Hopper.




                                                                       Invoicing Guide 3
                                                                         Updated 5/18/2021
Task Performed by: AP Processor, AP Manager, Administrator
   Steps:

   1. In the ‘Inbox’, otherwise referred to as the ‘Hopper’, click on the sender name
      to view the supplier document.




   2. From the preview screen, preview other invoices using ‘Previous’ and ‘Next’ or
      Select ‘Create Invoice’ to move forward with processing of the current
      document.




   3. Enter the relevant Purchase Order # from the supplier invoice attachment.
      The Company Code, Supplier, Payment Terms (if it is set), and the line item
      fields are then populated with the values from the PO.

   4. Manually fill out the mandatory and other relevant fields that did not populate
      from the PO by referring to Invoice attachment on the left -- Supplier Invoice
      #, Invoice Date, Payment Terms (if not already set), Shipping Charges
      (optional), Tax (optional), Notes About Invoice (optional), and Invoice Total.
         ●   PO based invoices will default to the currency of the PO. Non-PO based
             invoices will still require manual selection.




                                                                       Invoicing Guide 4
                                                                         Updated 5/18/2021
CREATE A NEW VROOZI PO BASED INVOICE FROM A DOCUMENT
Create a new Vroozi PO based Invoice (using a document in your computer)
Task Performed by: AP Processor, AP Manager, Administrator




   1. Click ‘Create Invoice’ on the blue navigation bar to the left.

   2. Select ‘Upload attachment’ and select the relevant Invoice document from
      your computer. Once selected, the PDF copy of the document will be visible
      on the left half of the screen.

   3. To add multiple documents (e.g. supporting documentation) to the Invoice,
      click on the ‘paperclip’ icon above the attached Invoice document. There is no
      restriction on the number of documents that can be uploaded/attached to an
      Invoice in Vroozi.

   4. Enter the relevant Purchase Order # from the supplier invoice attachment.
      The Company Code, Supplier, Payment Terms (if set), and the line item fields
      are then populated with the values from the PO.

   5. Manually fill out the mandatory and other relevant fields in the ‘Create Invoice’
      page by referring to Invoice attachment on the left -- Supplier Invoice #,
      Invoice Date, Payment Terms (if not already set), Shipping Charges (optional),
      Tax (optional), Notes About Invoice (optional), and Invoice Total.‘




                                                                       Invoicing Guide 5
                                                                         Updated 5/18/2021
6. Enter appropriate Subtotal, tax & Invoice totals.




7. ‘Save’ or ‘Submit’.




                                                       Invoicing Guide 6
                                                        Updated 5/18/2021
CREATE A NEW INVOICE NOT ASSOCIATED WITH A VROOZI PO
(NON-PO BASED)
Task Performed by: AP Processor, AP Manager
   Steps:

   1. ‘Create Invoice’ in the
      blue navigation bar and
      upload an Invoice
      document from your
      computer on the ‘Create
      Invoice’ page. (right)

      OR

      On the Inbox page, click
      on any email (in the
      ‘Sent By’ field) on
      ‘Incoming Invoices’ (also referred to as the ‘Hopper’) and select the Invoice
      document to be attached to the Invoice after previewing Invoices on the
      ‘Preview’ page.

   2. Manually fill out all the fields on the ‘Create Invoice’ page -- Company Code,
      Supplier, Supplier Invoice #, Invoice Date, Payment Terms (if not already set),
      Payment Due Date, Shipping Charges (optional), Tax (optional), line item info,
      Notes About Invoice (optional), and Invoice Total.

   3. ‘Save’ or ‘Submit’


‘ASSIGN’ OR ‘PARK’ INVOICE
Task Performed by: AP Processor, AP Manager
   Steps:

   1. Create a new Invoice or open up an existing Invoice in ‘Draft’ status.

   2. Enter the requisite data on the ‘Create/Edit’ Invoice page. This step is optional.
      You will be able to ‘Assign’ or ‘Park’ an Invoice even without entering any data
      on the Invoice.




                                                                         Invoicing Guide 7
                                                                          Updated 5/18/2021
   3. Click ‘Submit’. You will be able to see ‘Assign’ and ‘Park’, along with other
      options (if applicable). If you choose to ‘Assign’ an Invoice to another AP
      Processor or Manager, select the name of the AP Processor or Manager that
      you would like to assign it to, from the drop-down list. If you choose to ‘Park’
      the Invoice, it will not require you to shortlist another AP User.




An invoice can also be assigned to another user without any action being taken. This
can be achieved at the top of the electronic invoice screen. (shown below.)


SUBMIT INVOICE FOR ‘CODING’
Task Performed by: AP Processor, AP Manager
   Steps:

   1. Perform all
      required steps to
      create a new
      Invoice.

   2. Once you click
      ‘Submit’ the
      ‘Invoice
      Destination’
      pop-up will
      appear.

   3. On the ‘Invoice Destination’ pop-up select ‘Coding’. The Target User field may
      be pre-populated based on what is configured by the Admin; if not, select a




                                                                         Invoicing Guide 8
                                                                          Updated 5/18/2021
      User from the Target User drop-down to send the Invoice to.

   4. Enter comments/instructions on the Comments field. This is optional.

   5. Click ‘Submit’. The Invoice will transition to ‘Coding’ status.


‘CODE’ AN INVOICE
Task Performed by: AP Processor or AP Approver (with coding permissions)
   Steps:

   1. Click ‘Code Invoices’ on the left side navigation bar
             OR
      Navigate to the ‘Inbox’, locate the Invoice that you want to ‘code’ from the
      ‘Tasks’ section on the left, and click on the Invoice Number.




   2. If you navigated to the ‘Code Invoices’ page, clicking on the Invoice Number.

   3. On the ‘Invoice Details’ page, scroll down to the line-item and click the
      ‘calculator’ icon located on the far right of the line-item.




   4. Enter the accounting information and click on the ‘tick’ icon.

   5. Select destination (typically Return) and ‘Submit’.



                                                                        Invoicing Guide 9
                                                                         Updated 5/18/2021
   6. The AP Processor can then view the Invoice in his/her ‘Tasks’ on the Invoice
      page.


EDIT LINE ITEM DATA
Task Performed by: AP Processor, AP Manager, Administrator

   1. Navigate to the ‘Create/Edit Invoice’ page, select the relevant Purchase Order #
      from the drop-down menu. The Company Code, Supplier, Payment Terms (if it is
      set), and the line item fields are then populated.
   2. Scroll down to the line item section and click on the ‘pencil’ icon on the right of the
      line item that you want to edit.




   3. Edit the line item fields that you want to modify. Line item and data is distributed
      into two tabs; ‘General Information' and 'Accounting’. The split design is
      displayed when viewing and editing a line item. In either instance the view will
      default to the ‘General Information’ tab. Select ‘Next’ or click ‘Accounting’ to
      navigate there. Line item changes can be saved (check mark in bottom right
      corner) from either the ‘General Information’ or Accounting’ view.




                                                                             Invoicing Guide 10
                                                                               Updated 5/18/2021
   4. Once complete, click on the checkmark icon. To cancel the changes performed,
      click the ‘X’ (cross) icon next to the ‘tick’ icon.


USE TAX FIELD AND DISTRIBUTION CALCULATION
Tax on the storage, use, or consumption of a taxable item or service on which sales
tax has not been paid.

Use tax is a complementary or compensating tax to the sales tax. The ‘Use Tax’ field
allows buying organizations to designate the tax amount that will be paid to the
supplier or accrued and paid to the government at a later date. Any tax that is not
due to the supplier will be auto suggested and manually entered in the ‘Use Tax
field’ at the line item level.
    ● Use Tax will be calculated at the line item level, based on the Vertex Calculated
        sales tax or the supplier sales tax amount. Use Tax will then be aggregated at
        the invoice summary level, and be reflected in the Invoice total.




   ●   If a line item has multiple split account distributions, the system will auto
       suggest the Use Tax Calculation based on the total % of the line item that is
       being applied to the specific split.




                                                                       Invoicing Guide 11
                                                                         Updated 5/18/2021
   If Use Tax is defined at the invoice summary level, the system will not auto
   calculate the Use Tax at the line item level.




ADJUST TAX & SHIPPING DISTRIBUTION
Tax and Shipping distribution options are available at the invoice and memo creation
screen allowing Processors to select from predefined distribution options.

Distribution settings can be accessed by clicking the Calculator icon next to the Tax &
Shipping totals.




                                                                       Invoicing Guide 12
                                                                         Updated 5/18/2021
   1. Enter appropriate Subtotal, tax & Invoice totals.
   2. ‘Submit’ and select a destination.


SUBMIT INVOICE FOR ‘READY TO POST’
Task Performed by: AP Processor, AP Manager
   Steps:

   1. Perform all the steps required to complete the invoice. Once you click on
      ‘Submit’ and the ‘Invoice Destination’ pop-up appears.

   2. Select ‘Ready To Post’ then ‘Submit’ after entering any comments on the
      Comments field. The Invoice is auto- approved and available in the ‘Ready To
      Post’ page under the ‘Ready for Posting’ section.


POST INVOICES TO ERP
Prerequisite: Invoice should have been approved by all Approvers.
Task Performed by: AP Manager
   Steps:

   1. On the left side navigation panel, click on 'Ready To Post'.

   2. From the 'Ready for posting' section on the left, select the Invoice(s) that you
      want to post. The selected Invoices will now show up in the ‘Selected for




                                                                        Invoicing Guide 13
                                                                          Updated 5/18/2021
      posting’ section on the right.

   3. Once you have selected all the Invoices to post, select all the Invoices in the
      ‘Selected for posting’ section and then click 'Post'.

   4. The status of the selected Invoice(s) conversion into external payment system
      is not viewed in the ‘Export Details’ section. If the selected Invoice(s) fails to
      post, you can either choose to ‘resend’ (or re-post) the Invoices or edit the
      Invoice to correct any errors on the Invoice


POSTING ERRORS
Within the ‘Post Invoice’ page, the ‘Resend’ feature can be found
next to any Invoices that Failed to send. with added to the invoice
line header of the ‘Post Invoice’ page.




RE-INVOICING
Check with your administrator to understand if re-invoicing has been enabled for
your organization.

The need to re-invoice for an item(s) most frequently occurs when a Supplier as part
of the return to replacement process, re-bills for the applicable items.

Without these configurations, a credit memo can be applied but a second invoice
sent by the supplier for the rebilled items or services, can not be reflected in Vroozi.
Instead you can directly post the invoice to your financial system or create the
invoice as a Non-PO based invoice, referencing the PO number in an open free text
field.

Workflow with Re-invoicing
enabled:
Once a credit memo is created and
linked to a PO or Invoice, the
settings for re-opening can be
viewed directly below the linked
documents. Example below is an



                                                                           Invoicing Guide 14
                                                                             Updated 5/18/2021
example of a buying organization that via the configurations has elected not to use
the re-opening of the invoice tool.

In the scenario below demonstrates how the re-opening of a PO has been allowed.
The Supplier’s Invoice for the re-billed item can be referenced back to the PO. The
invoice can then be keyed in as normal. Previously invoiced items can still be viewed
by selecting ‘Show invoiced items’ above the line items in the right corner.




Supplier Portal Workflow
Suppliers in the Vroozi Supplier Portal the ‘Flip to
Invoice’ option will not be available on POs opened
back up for rebilling. Instead they need to select
‘Create Invoice’ and link to the PO. Once this has
been done, the Invoice line items will only display
the items reflected in the Credit Memo.

Above the line item description an
‘Acknowledgement of Changes’ message indicates
that items from the linked PO have previously been
Invoiced. To proceed forward, the supplier user must
select ‘Acknowledge Change’.

To view specific details of the proceeding invoice,
users can click the carrot below the
Acknowledgement button. (next page)




                                                                      Invoicing Guide 15
                                                                        Updated 5/18/2021
Once ‘Acknowledge Changes’ is selected, the warning message will disappear. The
invoiced items can still be viewed by selecting ‘Show invoiced items’. (shown below)
The invoice line items should then be edited to reflect only the re-billed items.




EDIT DOCUMENTS IN A POST-APPROVAL STATUS
If enabled by your Administrator, specified AP users will have the ability to re-open
and edit invoices/memos in the allowed statuses. (Approved, Ready to Post, Posting
Failed and Posted)

Changes can be initiated by selecting the edit icon directly above
the document status. (on right)

Some changes, such as Price or Qty changes will reroute the
document through 2/3-way match review and check against any
applicable tolerances. This may result in an additional approval workflow. Header
level changes such as Supplier document number or payment terms will not require
any additional approval or validation.




                                                                      Invoicing Guide 16
                                                                         Updated 5/18/2021
Invoice Functionality
DESIGNATE INVOICE AS ‘FINAL INVOICE’
AP Processors mayfinalize an invoice and close the related PO. The Final invoice
indicator is located directly under the linked PO (as shown below). The indicator will
default to ‘No’ but can be changed to Final Invoice by clicking ‘Yes.’

Final Invoices are most often applied to Blanket or Service POs when the allocated
PO amount is not representative of the Actual PO value. The PO actual amount is
what the buying organization is invoiced for.

   ●   For example the service PO may be for $600 but the actual invoice may only
       come in at $550. In this case the AP Processor can elect to close the invoice for
       receiving and future invoices created against the PO by selecting ‘Final
       Invoice’.

Currently Final Invoice functionality does not apply to invoices with multiple POs. The
final invoice indicator will appear on invoices with more than one PO but the toggle
defaulted to ‘No’ cannot be changed as it could be for a single PO.

   1. The PO will be closed for receiving, therefore no longer requiring a Goods
      Receipt.

   2. If there are items
      that have not
      been invoiced
      those remaining
      items will be
      cancelled.

          ● The non
             Invoiced
             items will
             be
             removed
             from the
             PO.

          ● The auditing trail will show the changes.




                                                                        Invoicing Guide 17
                                                                          Updated 5/18/2021
 Note: After closing a PO for receiving and invoicing, if the PO still remains in
 another status besides INVOICED, an email is sent out to Requesters and/or Buyers
 with instructions on how to close the PO. This will ONLY happen if the amount
 received is higher than the amount of the ‘Last Invoiced’.

Posted short closed invoices will display the message ‘This is a Final Invoice’ directly
under the linked PO. (next page)




Additional Conditions
If other Invoices for the same PO are in progress under following statuses the system
will display a warning message before marking invoice as ‘Final Invoice’.

   ●   DRAFT                                          ●   REJECTED
   ●   PARKED                                         ●   APPROVED
   ●   CODING                                         ●   READY TO POST
   ●   EXCEPTION                                      ●   POSTING
   ●   PENDING                                        ●   POSTING FAILED



Final Invoices from the Supplier Portal

In the event an Invoice is marked as a
‘Final Invoice’ by a supplier user in the
Supplier Portal, AP Processors will see 2
identifiers on the Supplier’s Invoice.
(right)

   1. Upon opening the Final Invoice
      indicator will already be flagged
      to ‘Yes’.

   2. The Linked PO will reference the
      original PO total while the




                                                                         Invoicing Guide 18
                                                                           Updated 5/18/2021
       Invoice total will reflect the short closed final invoice total.

‘COPY’ FEATURE AT THE INVOICE LINE ITEM
To improve the speed of manually indexing a Non-PO invoice, the ‘Copy Line Item’
feature can be done on the Invoice draft. Similar to the existing ‘Copy’ functionality at
the Requisition level, AP users can copy an existing line item on an Invoice.

As a user who is able to edit Invoice,
Memo or Payment Request, Vroozi is
now able to copy existing item(s) so
that if you enter similar items more
quickly. This will copy the items DNA
data but it will not associate it to any
existing Purchase Order.

   1. Click the ‘Copy’ icon.

   2. When selected, the system will prompt review of the duplicated line item.
      From here edits can be made. (next page)




   3. Once the new line item is saved to
      the Invoice ‘Draft’ it will be
      displayed under the Non-PO
      header. If a new line item is added
      to a PO based invoice Processors
      will receive a warning that must be
      cleared before indexing can be
      complete.




                                                                          Invoicing Guide 19
                                                                            Updated 5/18/2021
The Invoice total will update to include the value of the newly added items.




PO LOOKUP
Click the magnifying glass icon to the right of the PO field, doing so will open the PO
Lookup options. Here you can narrow your search as needed.




All PO search results will be sorted from newest to oldest.




                                                                      Invoicing Guide 20
                                                                         Updated 5/18/2021
Click on a PO to view in a separate window.

Select a PO to link to the invoice by clicking the exit icon at the end of each line item.
Any icons greyed out have already been selected for an invoice.




SPLIT AN ACCOUNT ASSIGNMENT
   1. Select Split Account Assignment Distribution
          ●   By Quantity
          ●   By Value



                                                                          Invoicing Guide 21
                                                                            Updated 5/18/2021
         ●   By Percent




   2. Select the distribution amount.
   3. Select the appropriate accounting string for each assignment.
   4. Click the + sign to add the additional split assignment




VIEW INVOICE HISTORY
Invoice History can be viewed from the Invoice quick reference panel.
If present on the invoice, the history will include the exception
handling history.

      History Trail:




      Click the resolution to view the specific details:




                                                                      Invoicing Guide 22
                                                                        Updated 5/18/2021
If present on the invoice the history will also display any comments added by users.




                                                                      Invoicing Guide 23
                                                                        Updated 5/18/2021
Exception Handling
Vroozi provides an exception handling workflow for invoice discrepancies to be
reviewed, resolved, and approved for payment.

Invoice processing settings can be set to a 2 or 3-way match review:

   ●   2-Way Match: The PO and the associated Invoice must match within any set
       tolerances.
   ●   3-Way Match: The PO, Invoice, and Goods Receipt (P0 & Invoice must match
       within any set tolerances) and receipt of Goods is required)




       = sign: indicates exact match required unless tolerances are set.


CONFIGURATION
Configurations are set by the AP Administrator. See Invoice Configuration guide for
further details.

Goods Receipt Requirements (For 3-Way Match)

Goods receipt requirements as set by the Administrator. (next page)




                                                                       Invoicing Guide 24
                                                                           Updated 5/18/2021
Goods receipt requirements can also be set at the supplier record. (below)




Tolerances
Tolerances can be set in which only invoices that breach defined thresholds are
subject to Exception Handling.

Please see the AP Configuration Guide for further details.


Note: Tolerance configuration is based on over quantity amounts only.
Underbilled invoices will not be flagged.



Exception Handlers
Specific exception handlers can be set based on the type of exception. When an
exception is flagged on an invoice and an AP Processor selects the destination, the
group will appear in the recipient field.




                                                                     Invoicing Guide 25
                                                                        Updated 5/18/2021
ALERTS
Alerts will display on an invoice if there is a corresponding header level exception
displayed on the invoice. An Alert appears to notify users that there is a difference,
giving them an opportunity to make a correction.

Alerts will appear in a different color (green) than exceptions, and will not require a
resolution.




Alert Types
   ●   Line Item Price Alert is displayed for a PO based line-item only if a Subtotal
       Exception is displayed for that PO within the invoice.
   ●   Line Item Total Alert is displayed for a PO based line-item only if a Subtotal
       Exception is displayed for that PO within the invoice.
   ●   Line Item Quantity Alert is displayed for a PO based line-item only if a Subtotal
       Exception and/or a Total Quantity Exception is displayed for that PO within the
       invoice.
   ●   Line Item Tax Alert for any PO based line-item is displayed only if the Total Tax
       Exception is displayed on the invoice.
   ●   Line Item Shipping Alert for any PO based line-item is displayed only if the
       Total Shipping Exception is displayed on the invoice.
   ●   Additional Line Item Alert is displayed only if one or more of the following
       exceptions are displayed on the invoice: Total Tax, Total Shipping, or Additional
       Line Item(s) Total Exception.




                                                                         Invoicing Guide 26
                                                                           Updated 5/18/2021
EXCEPTION FLOWS

Price Discrepancy
  1. AP processes the invoice, and checks the PO against a 2 or 3-way match
     depending on the goods receipt setting. Based on the tolerances set by the
     administrator, the system will alert the user of any exceptions.




        ●   Invoice will be in ‘Draft’ status until submitted to an Exception Handler
            for review in which invoice status becomes ‘Exception’.




                                                                      Invoicing Guide 27
                                                                        Updated 5/18/2021
Note: An AP user who is also designated as an Exception Handler may adjust
invoice values prior to Exception Handling submission or choose to “Ignore
Exception”


2. Exception Handling user group or type is selected and then assigned to a
   specific user or group within that type. (As configured by the Administrator)

      ●   Comments can be submitted with the exception




                                                                  Invoicing Guide 28
                                                                     Updated 5/18/2021
  3. The assigned exception handler will review the invoice, and submit a
     resolution back to the AP user. The following resolutions can be submitted.
     Comments can be added via ‘Message to AP department’. (next page)



        ●   Pay the Purchase Order -
            Select to pay the price and
            the quantity specified on the
            PO. This resolution will be
            applied to all line-items
            containing exceptions.
        ●   Pay the Invoice - Select this
            option if you want Accounts
            Payable to pay the price and
            the quantity specified on the
            invoice. This resolution will
            only be applied to the
            line-items containing
            exceptions.
        ●   Don’t Pay and Delete the
            Invoice - Select this option if
            you do NOT want Accounts
            Payable to pay the invoice. Instead you would like AP to wait for a new
            corrected invoice.

  4. AP user ‘Accepts' or 'Rejects' the resolution provided by the Exception Handler.

  5. Depending on Posting configurations set at the administrator level, the
     resolved invoice will either automatically move to Posting or return to the
     Invoice team via the ‘Task’s category in the inbox.

Missing Goods Receipt
  1. AP Processor, reviews the supplier invoice, updates
     any values allowing the system to check the PO
     against a 2 or 3-way match depending on the
     goods receipt setting. The system will then alert the
     user of any exceptions.

  2. If there is a missing goods receipt, the exception
     notification will display the quantity which remains
     open. (Note: for 3-way match only)

        ●   Invoice will be in ‘Draft’ status until
            submitted to an Exception Handler for



                                                                     Invoicing Guide 29
                                                                       Updated 5/18/2021
          review in which invoice status becomes ‘Exception’.

3. Exception Handling is then assigned to a specific user or group.




      ●   Comments can be submitted with the exception
4. The assigned exception handler will review the invoice, and create a goods
   receipt for the associated purchase order. Once completed, the invoice will be
   returned to AP for approval. (below)




5. Upon returning from exception handling, the AP user can review the audit
   trail which tracked the entire process.
       ● All comments are visible in this trail




                                                                  Invoicing Guide 30
                                                                      Updated 5/18/2021
MULTI-PO INVOICE EXCEPTIONS
For multi-PO invoices AP Processors may assign PO exception review to the
originator of each PO with exceptions. Previously only one Exception Handler could
be assigned and would be responsible for resolving all exceptions regardless of who
initiated them.

For multi-exception invoices, AP Processors can still choose
any applicable Exception Groups but can now also choose the
specific PO creator to resolve their exception. (shown on
right)

Once one user resolves their exception, the Invoice will return
to the AP Processor via ‘Tasks’.

AP user view of the returned Invoice displaying the
remaining exception:




                                                                    Invoicing Guide 31
                                                                       Updated 5/18/2021
The AP user will see the sender’s exception has been resolved (shown above) and
can now assign an exception resolution to the next PO creator or Exception Group.
(shown below)




Tips & Tricks
This section includes tips and tricks that will save you and your team time.

INVOICE LINE ITEM SEARCHING
Reduce indexing time by leveraging
line item searching.

To initiate a search, simply click the
magnifying glass icon found at the
bottom of an invoice.




Once selected, a search bar will appear
across the top of the invoice line items.
(on right)

As descriptive search terms are entered the system will intelligently narrow down the
line items. (shown below)




                                                                       Invoicing Guide 32
                                                                         Updated 5/18/2021
IN-LINE EDITING
Make in line edits!

With in-line editing AP Processors simply
click into the displayed categories; GL
Account, Price, Quantity and Tax (if
applicable) to perform a direct edit. If
further editing is required, the pen icon may
still be selected, expanding the line item
view to all editable fields.

To make edits, simply hover over the
applicable line item fields.

For GL Account edits, select from the drop down. Price and quantity edits will be free
text fields. Simply click out of the field to close edit and complete the invoice.


APPLY ALL AND PRESETS
Use ‘Apply All’ and ‘Presets’ for quick bulk line item changes to accounting
strings




   1. Check the items you want to apply the same changes to and ‘Apply All’
   2. Edit the accounting segments accordingly.
   3. Settings include ‘Apply All’
   4. Select ‘Apply Changes’

Create ‘Presets’ for frequently used accounting strings

   1. From the Apply All view select ‘Manage Presets’



                                                                      Invoicing Guide 33
                                                                        Updated 5/18/2021
   2. Name your Preset
   3. Complete the required
      Company and Accounting
      Information.
   4. Save.

Note: You can edit a saved preset
from this view by selecting it from
the ‘Select Preset’ field.

Next time you want to use a preset,
simply remove ‘None’ from the
‘Select Preset’ field and choose
from your unique list of previously
created Presets.




FOCUS ON EXCEPTIONS
Get the exception faster!

Located next to the green action button at
the bottom of the Invoice, users can now
click the target button (shown on right) to
drill in on the exception message(s). Once
selected, the target will redirect the user’s view to the exception message(s).




                                                                       Invoicing Guide 34
                                                                          Updated 5/18/2021
Invoice Notifications
AP users will receive email reminders when invoices require their attention.




OVERDUE INVOICES
All invoices that are not yet posted and past due date. Applies to any invoices with a
status other than ‘Paid’

   1. Select ‘Take Action Now’ to open the invoice in Vroozi Purchase.




                                                                       Invoicing Guide 35
                                                                          Updated 5/18/2021
EXCEPTION HANDLING
Sent to a member or group assigned to review invoice submitted for ‘Exception
Handling’.

   1. If it’s a mismatch, the email will contain discrepancy details. Otherwise the
      message in red will state ‘Missing Goods Receipt’
   2. Select ‘View Invoice’ to open the invoice and review for exception handling




                                                                      Invoicing Guide 36
                                                                         Updated 5/18/2021
