                 Memos Guide
Comprehensive guide to Credit and Debit Memo functionality.



Table of Contents

Credit Memos                                                                 2
   Credit Workflow                                                           2
   Create a Credit Memo                                                      3

Debit Memos                                                                  5
  Debit Workflow                                                             5
   Create a Debit Memo                                                       6

Track Memos                                                                  8

Post a Memo                                                                  9

Memo Configurations                                                         10




                                                                    Memos ​ 1
                                                              Updated 1/13/2019
Credit Memos
Supplier​ issued statement of credit to a buying organization. Typically issued against
an invoice or PO.




C​REDIT​ W​ORKFLOW
Example:
Requester ​places an order for 5 laptops -> S​ upplier s​ hips the 5 laptops -> R
                                                                                ​ equester
submits goods receipt for 5 laptops -> A​ P Team​ pays invoice -> R   ​ equester​ returns 1
laptop because it is no longer needed -> S ​ upplier​ issues a credit statement ​-> ​AP
Processor ​picks up the statement of credit from the hopper and creates a credit
memo against the Supplier document -> Credit Memo posts to external ERP -> ERP
applies the credit to future Supplier Invoices.


Scenarios that would require a user to create a debit memo. ‘Reasons’ as shown
below are listed on the Debit Memo draft page.
   ●   Returned Items
   ●   Rebates
   ●   Billing Error




                                                                                    Memos ​ 2
                                                                              Updated 1/13/2019
  ●   Not Specified
  ●   Other

C​REATE​ ​A​ C​REDIT​ M​EMO

  1. Select the Supplier issued memo from the Hopper.
         ●   Sent via PDF email or cXML (Portal not
             currently supported)

  2. Select to ‘Create Memo’

  3. To reference other transactional documents, enter
      the Original Invoice number or Original PO number.

  4. Select ‘Link to Memo’

         ●   Once the appropriate document is referenced, the data will populate,
             allowing users to add required information and item(s) included in the
             memo.

         ●   Click the Garbage can icon to remove a referenced document.




  5. Supplier Memo #

  6. Memo Date (of supplier memo)

  7. Select R
            ​ eason




                                                                             Memos ​ 3
                                                                       Updated 1/13/2019
         ●   If ‘Other’ is selected an additional field will populate requiring you to
             provide a description.

   8. Add relevant note ​(optional)

   9. Remove PO/Invoice items not included in the memo.

   10. Enter Shipping, Tax and memo total ​(as applicable)

   11. Submit

         ●   Once selected users will be prompted to confirm ​Memo Destination.




All memos are listed under Track Memos with status indicated in the right column.




                                                                                  Memos ​ 4
                                                                            Updated 1/13/2019
Debit Memos
In addition to credit memos, AP Processors can also create ​‘Debit Memos’​ within
Vroozi. A Debit memo is a statement of a ‘credit’, that the buying organization
creates typically against a supplier provided document. The amount in the Debit
Memo indicates what the buying organization expects to receive back from the
supplier.

The same actions that can be applied to a Credit Memo can also be applied to a
Debit Memo.

Once ‘Create Memo’ has been selected from the navigation panel or Document
preview screen , the memo draft can be renamed as a Debit Memo. (shown below)




Changing the document type to Debit Memo will not change any fields on the
memo draft. The only difference appears at the selecting of ‘Reason’. When Debit
Memo is selected ‘Not Specified’ is no longer listed as an option as it is with a Credit
Memo. Not Specified was removed based on the logic that a supplier would provide
a Reason for issuing the Debit Memo. (See step 6 of ​Create a Memo.​)


D​EBIT​ W​ORKFLOW
Example:
Requester ​places an order for 5 laptops -> S
                                            ​ upplier s​ hips the 5 laptops -> R
                                                                               ​ equester
submits goods receipt for 5 laptops -> A
                                       ​ P Team​ pays invoice -> R   ​ equester​ returns 1
laptop because it is no longer needed -> A​ P Processor s   ​ elects to Create Memo and
links debit memo draft to the Invoice or PO ​-> Credit Memo posts to external ERP
-> ERP applies the credit to future Supplier Invoices.


Scenarios that would require a user to create a debit memo. ‘Reasons’ as shown
below are listed on the Debit Memo draft page.



                                                                                  Memos ​ 5
                                                                            Updated 1/13/2019
  ●   Returned Items
  ●   Rebates
  ●   Billing Error
  ●   Other




C​REATE​ ​A​ D​EBIT​ M​EMO

  1. Select ‘Memo’ under ‘Create’ within the navigation panel.

         ●   This step is what differentiates a Debit Memo from the
             Credit Memo - The debit memo will in most cases not be
             generated from a supplier document, instead the buying
             organization is initiating the memo.

  2. Like that of the Credit Memo workflow, to reference other transactional
      documents, enter the Original Invoice number or Original PO number.

  3. Select ‘Link to Memo’

         ●   Once the appropriate document is referenced, the data will populate,
             allowing users to add required information and item(s) included in the
             memo.




                                                                             Memos ​ 6
                                                                       Updated 1/13/2019
      ●   Click the Garbage can icon to remove a referenced document.

4. Supplier Memo #. Enter Memo number at the top of the form




5. Memo Date (of supplier memo)

6. Select​ Reason




      ●   If ‘Other’ is selected an additional field will populate requiring you to
          provide a description.

7. Add relevant note (optional)

8. Click the pen icon to edit/remove PO/Invoice items not included in the memo.

9. Enter Shipping, Tax and memo total (as applicable)




                                                                               Memos ​ 7
                                                                         Updated 1/13/2019
   10. Submit

          ●   Once selected users will be prompted to confirm ​Memo Destination.




Track Memos
Similar to ‘Track Invoices’, within ‘Track Memos’ Memos are organized based on
current status.


The view under ‘All’ Memos will default to those ‘Assigned to me’, which will only
display memos created by the individual user. Remove this field from the search bar
to view all Memos.




To search by type of Memo, use the ‘Type ‘filter and select either ‘Credit’ or ‘Debit’.

       Selection of ‘Type’:




                                                                                   Memos ​ 8
                                                                             Updated 1/13/2019
      Filtered Type View:




Assign a Memo destination from within the ‘Track Memos’ category.
         ○   ‘Park’ memo
         ○   ‘Assign’ memo to another AP user
         ○   ‘Approve’ memo




Post a Memo
If auto-posting has been disabled, manual posting will be required. Memos awaiting
posting can be found under ‘Post’ -> ‘Memos’ .
    1. Select ‘Post’ -> ‘Memos’

   2. Check the box next to each memo you’d like to post or select the box at
      header level to post all Memos.




                                                                            Memos ​ 9
                                                                      Updated 1/13/2019
Memo Configurations
The credit/debit Memo life cycle is very similar to that of an invoice.
   1. All custom workflows created will apply to both invoices and memos.

   2. Auto-posting configurations are currently not differentiated between invoices
      and memos.

Ability to post memo’s is a separate toggle within the Preferences field of the Master
Administrator panel. (shown below)




                                                                               Memos ​ 10
                                                                          Updated 1/13/2019
