                   Vroozi Invoice

       Configuration Guide
Guide to the Invoice specific settings that enable specific Invoice permissions and

workflows.




Table of Contents:

Getting Started                                                                       2
   Vroozi Invoicing Vernacular                                                        2
   Learning Tools                                                                     2
      Tool Tips                                                                       2
      Learn More                                                                      2

User Roles                                                                            3

Approval Groups & Workflows                                                           4
  Approval Groups                                                                     4
  Approval Routing Rules                                                              4
  Coding Workflows                                                                    5

Inbox/Hopper Rules                                                                    5
   Email Access Assignment                                                            5
   Structured Document Submission Access Rules                                        6

Supplier Invoice Set up                                                               6
  Allow cXML Invoice Receipt                                                          6
Goods Receipts                                                                        6
  Supplier Goods Receipt Settings                                                     6
  Global settings by PO type                                                          7

Exception Handling                                                                    7
   Tolerances                                                                         8
      Set Exception Tolerances                                                        9
   Exception Handlers                                                                 9
      Making Changes to an Existing Group                                            10

Accounts Payable Preferences                                                         10
   AP Document Approvals                                                             10
   Optical Character Recognition (OCR)                                                11
   Automatic Creation and Processing of Invoices                                      11
      Supplier Portal Invoice Workflows                                              12
      Selection of Exception Group/Types                                             13
   Invoice Attachments                                                               13
      Require attachments while creating/editing invoice                             13
   Reinvoicing Settings                                                              13
      Configuration                                                                  13
   Permissions for Invoice Re-Opening                                                14
   Automatic Approval of Invoices (Post Exception Handling)                          15
   Posting of AP Documents                                                           15
   Inbox Failure Notifications                                                       16
      Workflow                                                                       16

Tax and Shipping                                                                     17
   Distribution                                                                      17
      Vertex Tax                                                                     18
   Tax Codes                                                                         18
   Account Mapping                                                                   18

Discounts                                                                            19
   Distribution                                                                      19




                                                          Invoice Configuration Guide 1
                                                                       Updated 5/18/2021
Getting Started
VROOZI INVOICING VERNACULAR
Hopper (Inbox): Central receiver for all incoming supplier invoices. Invoices may be
sent via cXML, emailed PDF and the Vroozi Supplier Portal.

Tolerance: Defined value or quantity in which a buying organization identifies a
mismatch between the PO submitted to a Supplier and the Supplier’s invoice may
diverge. A breach of enabled tolerances will result in an Exception alert at the invoice
level.

Alert: An Alert is displayed when a value on an invoice line-item (e.g. price, quantity,
etc.) is within the defined tolerance but triggers a different tolerance to be breached,
thus creating an exception.

Exception: Notification that an invoice line item exceeds any defined tolerances.

Perfect Invoice: An invoice without any exceptions or alerts.

Memo: Either a credit or debit identifying an overcharge, refund due back or other
arrangement of money back to the buying organization.

LEARNING TOOLS

Tool Tips
Please see the tool tips (? icon) positioned next to many AP settings or fields.
Toggling over a tooltip will reveal additional details about the setting or field it is
positioned next to.

Example below:




Learn More
Select ‘Learn More’ to expand the description of an explanation it is positioned next
to. The detailed explanation will expand within the current view.

Example below:




Once clicked:




                                                                 Invoice Configuration Guide 2
                                                                              Updated 5/18/2021
User Roles
 Role            Additional         Description
                 Role
                 Allowances

 Accounts        ● Allow for        Approve or reject an invoice.
 Payable           coding of
 Approver          invoice          *Role only applicable if admin requires buying
                 ● Allow for        organization to manually approve invoices.
                   editing an
                   invoice during
                   approval

 Accounts        NA                 Retrieve, view and run reports on specific invoices in
 Payable                            the following statuses
 Auditor                                    1. Posted
                                            2. Paid
                                            3. Partially Paid
                                    *Can be restricted to view specific business units or
                                    locations based on company code allocations.
                                    *Cannot be designated as an exception handler.

 Accounts        NA                 View all invoices in the system. They can intercept,
 Payable                            code, approve and post invoices to the financial
 Manager                            system.

 Accounts        ● Allow for        Process and submit invoices for coding and
 Payable           coding of an     approval, assign invoices to other AP processors or
 Processor         invoice          managers. park invoices Submit invoices for
                                    Exception Handling
                                    *Only have access to their own invoices.



Please see role materials for further descriptions.




                                                              Invoice Configuration Guide 3
                                                                           Updated 5/18/2021
Approval Groups & Workflows
Administrators may set Invoice approval and invoice coding rules separately and
independently from your Hopper rules. You can route these rules through 5
configurations.
   1. Approval Groups
   2. Approval
      Routing Rules
   3. Coding
      Workflows
   4. Email Access
      Assignments
   5. Structured
      Document
      Submission
      Access Rules

APPROVAL GROUPS
Accounts Payable > Workflow


Define the user groups that will be applied to the
Approval Routing Rules.
   ● Only previously created Approvers can be added
      to the Approver(s) list.




APPROVAL ROUTING RULES
Allows you to define the specific approvers for invoices
based on the Company code or Plant code assigned at
the header level. Once an AP Processor selects to submit
and send an Invoice for approval, the invoice will be
intelligently routed to the appropriate Approvers
triggered by an associated rule.

Approval order follows the order as names are entered in
the Approvers field (shown above)

   ●   Example: Approver James Rob, then on to
       Approver Kelly Solano, 3rd approval from Jaroslav,
       last approver required Sam Shields.




                                                            Invoice Configuration Guide 4
                                                                         Updated 5/18/2021
CODING WORKFLOWS
Assign which AP Coders should be listed as potential assignees for documents based
                          on the Company Code or Plant Code referenced. Once
                          an AP Processor selects to submit and send an Invoice
                          for coding, the invoice will be intelligently routed to the
                          appropriate coder triggered by an associated rule.

                            Tip! Coding Workflows are particularly useful for non-PO
                            based invoices, as these invoices will not inherit any
                            account assignment from previously created documents
                            in Vroozi.




Inbox/Hopper Rules
Accounts Payable > Email Setup

Segregate incoming "e-mail" and electronic submission (cXML, EDI and Supplier
Portal) documents.




EMAIL ACCESS ASSIGNMENT
Leveraging multiple AP Inbox accounts, administrators may assign specific AP
                                 processors to an inbox. Once enabled, only the
                                 identified processors can act on the emailed PDF
                                 supplier documents sent to the
                                 defined Inbox alias.

                                  All the AP users associated with the email alias in
                                  the ‘Email Access Assignment’ rule will receive an




                                                            Invoice Configuration Guide 5
                                                                         Updated 5/18/2021
email notification when an invoice assigned to them has come through the Inbox.

AP users will then receive the supplier documents into their specific inbox based on
the conditions defined in the rule(s).

STRUCTURED DOCUMENT SUBMISSION ACCESS RULES
Like the PDF invoice routing segregation,
administrators may segregate incoming
electronic (cXML, EDI, Supplier Portal) documents
into defined Vroozi AP Inboxes.

Once rules are configured, the system will scan
the Vroozi PO linked to the supplier invoice for the
appropriate Company and Plant code and
intelligently route that document to the
appropriate AP User’s inbox.




Supplier Invoice Set up
Master Data > Suppliers > Supplier Record > Basic Info

Identify how each supplier will be submitting Invoices


ALLOW CXML INVOICE RECEIPT
To enable receipt of cXML invoices on a global level,
toggle on ‘Allow cXML Invoice Receipt’.



 Note: cXML invoice credentials must be configured for each supplier. This can be
 done in the cXML Setup category in the navigation panel.




Goods Receipts
SUPPLIER GOODS RECEIPT SETTINGS
Master Data > Suppliers




                                                            Invoice Configuration Guide 6
                                                                         Updated 5/18/2021
Goods receipt requirements and threshold can be set within each supplier record
  ● Supplier settings will
     overwrite global if Goods
     Receipts Required is
     toggled 'on'. (as shown
     below) If toggled 'off',
     then the Supplier GR
     setting will not overwrite
     the global setting.
  ● Threshold will designate
     the purchase order dollar
     value above which a
     Goods Receipt is
     required. Purchase orders
     under any defined value
     will be an assumed
     receipt.



GLOBAL SETTINGS BY
PO TYPE
Document > Settings > Goods
Receipts

Toggle on each Purchase Order
type to enable THE global
Goods Receipt requirement.




Exception Handling
Vroozi provides an exception handling workflow for invoice discrepancies to be
reviewed, resolved, and approved
for payment. Invoice processing
settings can be set to a 2 or

2-Way Match: The PO and the
associated Invoice must match
within any set tolerances.



                                                           Invoice Configuration Guide 7
                                                                        Updated 5/18/2021
3-Way Match: The PO, Invoice, and Goods Receipt (P0 & Invoice must match within
any set tolerances) and receipt of Goods is required)
      = sign: indicates exact match required unless tolerances are set.


TOLERANCES
Accounts Payable > Settings > Exceptions

Tolerances can be set in which only invoices that breach defined mismatch
thresholds are subject to Exception Handling.

      Example as shown below: Defining a unit percentage of 10% as an
      acceptable line item price mismatch between the PO and Supplier Invoice.




      Mismatches above. 10% would be subject to Exception Handling. Tolerances
      defined at the subtotal or total may flag an exception based on any values set.




                                                            Invoice Configuration Guide 8
                                                                         Updated 5/18/2021
Set Exception Tolerances




   1. Enable Tolerances (if desired)
      If it is not enabled, the system will not do any comparison of that tolerance.
      Set Unit (Number or Percentage) for each enabled tolerance
   2. Enter Value
           ● Value set at 0 when toggled “On” designates zero tolerance. Meaning
                that the invoice has to exactly match the PO.



 Note: Tolerance configurations are based on over quantity amounts only.
 Underbilled invoices will not be flagged.




EXCEPTION HANDLERS
Accounts Payable > Settings > Exceptions


Exception handlers are individuals assigned to the resolution of exceptions based on
type. Enable exception handling workflow by first creating the exception groups.
Group roles can then be defined in Preferences.




   1. Select Role Types (Accounts Payable or Procurement/Purchasing)
          ○   Select multiple or single users within that type.
          ○   Set Forward Invoices to:
              And/or
      Create custom group (Click the plus sign shown above)
          ○ Enter the name of the exception handling group.
   2. Members: List the users belonging to the group who would be responsible
      for handing invoice exceptions.
          ● Exception groups selected and/or created will be listed for the user to
             select from when they attempt to submit an invoice for Exception
             Handling — Requester/Buyer.




                                                              Invoice Configuration Guide 9
                                                                           Updated 5/18/2021
          ●  Central Receivers Group is listed by default only if there is a Missing
             Goods Receipt exception on the invoice.
   3. Forward Invoices to: Select ‘All users in the group’ option to forward
      invoices with exceptions to all users within the group.
         ● Select ‘All users’ or ‘specific user in group’ to either forward an invoice
             with exceptions to all users or a specific user within the group.




   Making Changes to an Existing Group
   ●   To edit, select the pen icon from the right.
   ●   To delete, select the trash button




Accounts Payable Preferences
AP DOCUMENT APPROVALS
Enable workflow for AP document review

Require only the AP user creating/editing a PO based invoice to approve it for
payment
Indicate if approval from the AP user is sufficient or if financial approval is required.
Toggled on indicates AP is final approver.

   ●   Vroozi Recommends: Toggle on as 2/3 way match is already reviewing
       documents.

   ●   If toggled on, 'Approve' will be listed as an Invoice destination




                                                               Invoice Configuration Guide 10
                                                                             Updated 5/18/2021
Require only the AP user creating/editing a Non-PO based invoice to approve it
for payment

   ●   Vroozi Recommends: Require further approval since 2/3 match is not available.

   ●   If toggle is off, 'Submit for Approval' will be listed as an Invoice destination

Require only the AP user creating/editing a credit memo to approve it for
posting

   ●   Vroozi Recommends: Require further approval since 2/3 match is not available.

   ●   If toggle is off, 'Submit for Approval' will be listed as an Invoice destination

OPTICAL CHARACTER RECOGNITION (OCR)
Technology that reads, recognizes and extracts content off of an electronic
document
   ● OCR functionality only applies to PO based invoices.
   ● Based on specifications built into the OCR engine PO invoices can be read
     with 95% accuracy.




See OCR documentation for specific details. OCR functionality is an additional fee.
Please see the sales team for details.


Note: OCR technology is an additional service that does require Vroozi assistance
to effectively implement. Please contract success@vroozi.com with any questions.



AUTOMATIC CREATION AND PROCESSING OF INVOICES
Automate the cXML and Supplier Portal invoice workflow.


Note: Automation of the review process will bypass the review of line item coding
and any alerts that may have been activated.


   1. Create and approve
      incoming cXML invoices
      without exceptions

          ●   Toggle on to allow the
              automatic processing




                                                                Invoice Configuration Guide 11
                                                                              Updated 5/18/2021
            of cXML invoices without exceptions. cXML invoices with exceptions will
            go through the hopper for exception review.

  2. Submit incoming PO based cXML invoices for Exception Handling

        ●   That only contain one or more Goods Receipt related exceptions

               ○   If toggled on, the selection of a Goods Receipt Group must be
                   defined at the end of this section.

        ●   That contain additional exceptions

               ○   If toggled on, the selection of the additional exceptions group
                   must be defined at the end of this section.




Supplier Portal Invoice Workflows
  1. Create and approve incoming invoices from Supplier Portal without
     exceptions

     Toggle on to bypass manual review of invoices created and submitted by
     suppliers via the supplier portal.

        ●   Applicable for buying organizations utilizing the Vroozi Supplier Portal.




  2. ‘Submit incoming PO based invoices from Supplier Portal for Exception
     Handling’

        ●   That only contain one or more Goods Receipt related exceptions

        ●  If toggled on, the selection of a Goods Receipt Group must be defined
           at the end of this section.
     That contain additional exceptions

        ●   If toggled on, the selection of the additional exceptions group must be
            defined at the end of this section.



                                                           Invoice Configuration Guide 12
                                                                         Updated 5/18/2021
Selection of Exception Group/Types
Here you can direct Exceptions based on type. You may only select from existing
groups. New groups can be created in Accounts Payable ->Settings ->Exceptions

   1. Select ‘User Group/Type’ that invoices only contain Goods Receipt related
      exceptions should be submitted to:

   2. Select ‘User Group/Type’ that invoices containing additional exceptions should
      be submitted to:



INVOICE ATTACHMENTS

Require attachments while creating/editing invoice
If toggled on - all buying organization users or supplier submitted within Vroozi
modules to include an invoice.




REINVOICING SETTINGS
This section defines whether your buying organization will allow POs that have
already been invoiced to be re-opened when a Credit Memo is created against that
PO.

The most frequent use case is a supplier who as part of the return to replacement
process, re-bills for the applicable items. Without these configurations,
pre-deployment of this new functionality, when the credit was applied and a second
supplier invoice was sent, that second invoice from the rebilled items or services,
could not be reflected in Vroozi. Instead requiring that the invoice directly post to
each customer’s financial system or the invoice was treated as Non-PO based
invoice.

Configuration
   1. Within this field, checking the box next to each setting adds that option to the
      AP Processor view on the Memo draft.

         ✅ Yes: Creation of the emoe
             reopens the PO for rebilling.



                                                            Invoice Configuration Guide 13
                                                                          Updated 5/18/2021
          ✅ No: The Invoice will work as it previously had and the invoice once
             posted cannot be reopened. This is a default setting selection cannot be
             toggled off because it’s default.

          ✅ Undetermined: Selection by the AP Processor will not immediately
             open the PO. Instead it will keep the reopening the PO a possibility after
             the invoice has been posted. This is best when an AP Processor
             processing the memo is uncertain if a PO will be reinvoiced in the
             future.

   2. Select default reopening option for credit memos submitted via cXML and
      auto-processed.
         ● Simply select yes or no based on how often your organization will use
            this feature.

See the Invoice User Guide for the re-invoicing workflow.



PERMISSIONS FOR INVOICE RE-OPENING
   1. Administrators may determine which post approval status invoices can be
      returned to editing. This covers invoices in Approved, Ready to Post, Posting
      Failed and Posted status.

   2. With the
      selection of an
      AP user type(s)
      (‘Any AP
      Manager’ or
      ‘Document
      Owner’)
      Administrators
      determine who
      within their organization will have permission to edit documents in these
      statuses.

If you wish to use this feature, you must complete both fields. If statuses are selected
but user type is not, the new permissions will not take effect for any users.

NOTE: In the event that a customer org enables editing for invoices in ‘Posted’
status while leveraging an integration with their financial system; they will need to
delete the originally posted invoice from their financial system before reposting the
new edited invoice in Vroozi.




                                                             Invoice Configuration Guide 14
                                                                           Updated 5/18/2021
AUTOMATIC APPROVAL OF INVOICES (POST EXCEPTION
HANDLING)
Preferences for automatic approval after exception handling.

Approve invoices containing no exceptions or errors
When this setting is 'On’, invoices returning from Exception Handling with no further
exceptions or errors are automatically submitted for approval or are automatically
approved by the system. These invoices are then ready to ‘Post’ to your financial
system.
Approve invoices with exception resolutions.
When this setting is ‘On’, the exception handler’s selected resolution will be
automatically approved and sent to either Ready to Post or sent directly for Posting
based on automatic posting configurations. If toggled ‘Off’ invoices returning from
exception handling will be sent back to ‘Tasks’ for manual review and approval.




POSTING OF AP DOCUMENTS
Automatically Post ‘Approved’ AP Documents
  ● Toggle ‘On’ makes Automatic approval settings Toggled off, fill out Automatic
     approvals manually.

Posting of AP Invoices without a connector
  ● Toggle ‘On’ indicates the buying
      organization wants to invoice manually
      post to the external system.

Post Memos as a negative number
   ●   Toggle ‘On’ to allow for the negative value transference of all Memo total
       amounts to your financial system.




                                                             Invoice Configuration Guide 15
                                                                           Updated 5/18/2021
INBOX FAILURE NOTIFICATIONS
Designate who within your system will receive notifications when the Vroozi system
detects that an AP document failed to successfully hit your Inbox.

CONFIGURATION
As a system
administrator, you have
the ability to configure
whom these
notifications of failed
invoices can be sent to.

Multiple users with any of the following roles may be selected to receive these
notifications.

   ●   Administrators (including the current user)
   ● AP Managers
   ● AP Processors
The initial email notification will include an attached error report. Thereafter
recipients will receive an email notification every 24 hours until the failure(s) is
resolved. Reports will include an aggregated list of failures from the last year
including the most recent failure(s).

WORKFLOW
When an invoice failure occurs, the AP Inbox (Hopper) view will display an error
message. (next page)




There are 2 separate email notifications sent to all the active users defined in the
Inbox Failure Notification AP Settings.

   1. Inbox Failure Notification: While the subject of the email will vary
       depending on the reason for the failure, the subject will flag an issue. (next
       page)
          ○ Timing: Immediately upon system recognition of the failure




                                                                Invoice Configuration Guide 16
                                                                              Updated 5/18/2021
   2. Hopper Error Report Notification: This email will contain an attached error
      report summarizing all failures.
         ○ Timing: Daily if there are any failures in the preceding 24 hours.
         ○ The attached error report will be titled ‘Inbox Failures_Date’. (shown
             below)




Tax and Shipping
DISTRIBUTION
Set automatic distribute the total Tax and Shipping for invoices and memos.

Toggling on the various fields in this section will prompt the display of additional
distribution options as seen below.




                                                             Invoice Configuration Guide 17
                                                                           Updated 5/18/2021
Vertex Tax
For Vertex based tax calculations another distribution type is available; ‘Proportional
to Estimated tax’. When selected, tax will
be distributed (while maintaining decimal
precision) based on the tax that is returned
by the tax connector. This default option
will only be visible in the Master Data > AP
Settings when the Vertex tax connector is
on.



TAX CODES
See Purchase Administrator guide for details on how to set tax codes.

ACCOUNT MAPPING
Account Mapping is used to assign GL Accounts for Tax and Shipping Charges when
these values are specified at the header level only. This allows Vroozi to map
amounts for payment in your external financial applications during the posting of
invoices.

Click into each field below each category; Tax and shipping, respectively, and select
the appropriate GL account.




                                                             Invoice Configuration Guide 18
                                                                           Updated 5/18/2021
Discounts
DISTRIBUTION
Accounts Payable->Settings->Preferences->Tax, Shipping and Discount Distribution.
A discount distribution preset can be defined in the Administrator panel. (shown
below) Unless a preset is defined in the
Administrator panel (shown below), the
distribution selection defaults to ‘Do Not
Distribute’. A distribution selection at the
summary will override the administrator preset.
Distribution type can be selected at the Invoice
level by clicking the calculator icon in the ‘Calc.
Discount’ field. Distributions can be selected as
follows; Proportional to Subtotal, Equal in all line items, Quantity based, First line
item, or No Distribution. (shown below)




                                                               Invoice Configuration Guide 19
                                                                             Updated 5/18/2021
