Manage Your ​Discovery​ Suppliers


C​REATE​ ​A​ S​UPPLIER
Create and manage your suppliers from
the ​Master Data -> Supplier​ category.

   1. Select to ‘Create a New Supplier’




   2. Once a new record is created,
      populate each tab in the supplier
      record with the applicable
      information. The Business,
      Contract and Insurance Info entered will be visible on the Supplier record.




Basic Info
Buying organizations using only Vroozi Discovery: The
following fields must be completed:
          ● Name
          ● Vendor ID
          ● Address
          ● Phone Number
          ● Language
          ● ‘Supplier Discovery’ Toggle - must be turned on. (shown on right)


Note: ​Buying organizations using V​ roozi Discovery w
                                                     ​ ith other Vroozi modules will need
to update additional toggles on this tab. Toggles will vary based on your Master Data
configurations and business workflow needs. Please see the V  ​ roozi Purchase
Administrator Guide ​for further details.
Business Info
None of the details listed in this tab are required. They do however enrich the information
your users will have access to when selecting a supplier.

                                                 Payment Terms
                                                    ● Associated Payment Terms to each
                                                 supplier. Payment Terms are created with
                                                 the Master Data category.
                                                 Categories
                                                    ● Associate each Supplier to a
                                                 specific category(s). When a user searches
                                                 by category all associated Suppliers will
                                                 appear. (shown below)
                                                 Description
                                                    ● Content entered here is often
                                                 provided by the Supplier but can of
                                                 course be customized for your specific
                                                 business needs. The descriptions will then
       be listed with the other Supplier information during a Supplier search.

Search Keywords

   ●   Associate keywords to each supplier. Keywords can be
       used by your end users during a Supplier Discovery
       Search.
   ●   User view of a keyword search for “chair”:




Contract Terms
Like ‘Business Info’, none of the information listed in
this tab is required. It is a best practice to update
‘Contract Status’, ‘Effective Date of Agreement’,
                                                                         Discovery Suppliers 2
                                                                                             ​
‘Contract Terms’​. The specific contract or other contractual documents can be attached
for easy reference.



Insurance Info
Like ‘Contract Info’, none of the information listed in this tab is required. It does however,
enrich the information your Basic and Power Users have access to.

S​UPPLIER​ A​TTRIBUTES
Direct spend to specific types of providers or social causes by creating attributes that can
then be assigned to suppliers.

   1. Select the ‘Name’ users will see
      when selecting to search by that
      attribute.
   2. ‘Status’ will default to Active but
      may be set as Inactive at any
      time during creation or post creation.
   3. Write a brief attribute ‘Description’.
   4. Select a pre-populated icon or upload your own.
   5. Save




S​UPPLIER​ C​ATEGORIES
Allow for Supplier searching by Category! Once created, categories can be associated with
Supplier r​ ecords​.

Any Supplier
created in Vroozi
Purchase Master


                                                                            Discovery Suppliers 3
                                                                                                ​
Data table with Supplier Discovery toggle turned on will display.
Create and manage supplier categories.


Create Categories
   1. Select Type; Level 1, 2 or 3.
         ✓ AL  ​ evel 2​ category is a subcategory
             associated with a Level 1 category.
                 ● Example: Level 1 (parent) category
                    is “Marketing” and the Level 2
                    (child) category could be
                    “Materials”.

           ✓ Level 3​ category is a subcategory
              associated with a Level 2 and Level 1
              category.
                   ● Example: Level 1 (parent) category is “Marketing” and the Level 2
                      (child) category could be “Materials” and the Level 3 category is
                      “Brochures.”
Note: ​ A Level 1 category with “subcategories” cannot be deleted until the level 2 or 3
categories are deleted or assigned to a different category.

   2. Enter ‘Company Label’. This will be a category assignment displayed on any
      supplier record associated with it.
   3. Enter ‘Category Code’.
   4. Enter ‘Company Category Code’.
   5. Enter a brief description.

Saved Categories can then be associated with a particular supplier on the supplier record.
(shown on right) Suppliers may be associated with multiple categories.
Your users can then search for suppliers associated to a specific category. (next page)




P​AYMENT​ T​ERMS
Create and manage Payment Terms.




                                                                          Discovery Suppliers 4
                                                                                              ​
Active Payment Terms can be associated with a particular supplier on the supplier record.
(shown below)




C​ONTRACT​ T​ERMS
   1. Create and manage Contract Terms from this view.

   2. Once created, contract terms can be selected and applied to Supplier records on
      the Contract Terms tab.




C​ONTRACT​ S​TATUS
Create and manage Contract Statuses from this subcategory. Once created, Contract
Status can be selected and applied to
Supplier records on the ‘Contract Info’ tab.

   ●   Only statuses listed as ‘Active’ can be
       selected on the supplier record.




                                                                       Discovery Suppliers 5
                                                                                           ​
S​UPPLIER​ D​ISCOVERY​ L​OCATIONS
Allow your users to search by location!

Create and manage ‘Locations’ from this
subcategory. Once created, Locations can be
selected and applied to Supplier records on the
‘Basic Info’ tab. Once created, locations can be
associated with your suppliers. Only locations
listed as ‘Active’ can be selected on the supplier
record.

G​UIDELINES
Customize the terms and guidelines to be applied for sourcing and use of supplier
information.

Indicate if you would like your end users to view Sourcing Guidelines. If desired, edit the
Sourcing Guidelines they will see.




Guidelines created in this setting, are viewed and accessed by users at any time under the
Sourcing Guidelines category of their navigation panel. See View Sourcing Guidelines for
further details.




                                                                          Discovery Suppliers 6
                                                                                              ​
