January 5, 2024




                     Vroozi January 2024
                            Release Notes

Table of Contents:
Vroozi Purchase (Administrator)                                             2
   Create/Update Accounting Strings in the Admin Panel                      2
Vroozi Invoice (AP Processor, AP Approvers, AP Coders and AP Managers)      4
   Accounting Changes are Highlighted after Exception Handling or Coding.   4
Resolutions                                                                 4
Vroozi Purchase (Administrator)
CREATE/UPDATE ACCOUNTING STRINGS IN THE ADMIN PANEL

In the December 2023 Release, Vroozi launched Accounting Validation to significantly
improve accounting accuracy on purchasing and invoice documents by adhering to
defined valid accounting strings. In this release, Administrators can define the
accounting strings in the Admin Panel User Interface (UI). Administrators will be able
to create, read, update, and delete the accounting strings.

Please note that the option to change accounting strings will need to be enabled by
the Vroozi support team. Otherwise, the accounting strings will need to be created,
updated, or deleted via APIs. Please contact our support team to enable this feature.

When enabled, Administrators will have the option to Activate, Deactivate, or Create a
new accounting string in the Accounting Validation screen.




Create a New Accounting String

When creating a valid accounting string, administrators will provide the company and
accounting information to define the valid string with a validity period.




                                                                    Release Notes 1/5/2024 2
Release Notes 1/5/2024 3
Vroozi Invoice (AP Processor, AP Approvers,
AP Coders and AP Managers)

ACCOUNTING CHANGES ARE HIGHLIGHTED AFTER EXCEPTION HANDLING
OR CODING.



If a user changes a document’s accounting in the Exception or Coding processes,
Vroozi will highlight the changes to the AP Processor after the document is submitted
to AP. Vroozi will now show an informational message that accounting changes were
performed and highlight the changes. This will give AP the opportunity to review the
accounting prior to approval/posting.




Resolutions
   ●   The PO Transmission Report will now be sent to the subscribed email.
   ●   cXML Credit Memos for POs in the Disputed status and flagged with the error
       “Re-invoicing is missing” will no longer get stuck.




                                                                   Release Notes 1/5/2024 4
