February 14, 2025




                    Vroozi February 2025
                        Release Notes

Table of Contents:
Vroozi Catalog Content Management (Catalog Admins)​      2
   Catalog Update Processing Performance Improvements​   2
Resolutions​                                             2
Vroozi Catalog Content Management (Catalog
Admins)

CATALOG UPDATE PROCESSING PERFORMANCE IMPROVEMENTS

With this release, Vroozi improved catalog upload and processing. Previously, some
users experienced slower processing times when updating catalogs particularly when
there were a significant number of catalog versions. We overhauled our processing
logic to ensure more efficient handling of catalog updates. With this change, our
testing showed faster, more consistent, and more reliable performance no matter how
many catalog versions were in the system.

   ●​ Time Savings: Customers will get significantly reduced processing times, even for
      heavily updated catalogs.
   ●​ Consistency: The system will exhibit reliable performance regardless of how
      many catalog versions.
   ●​ Scalability: Customers will be able to handle frequent updates without worrying
      about diminishing system efficiency.

This enhancement will be available to all customers. No configuration change is
required.




Resolutions
   ●​ The unread notification count on the bell icon (bottom left corner of the left
      navigation column) will now update automatically. The notification count will
      now update dynamically as new notifications arrive, ensuring accurate and
      real-time badge counts. No need to refresh the browser to update the count.
   ●​ Resolved an issue on the shopping cart screen where the “Move to Request”
      button remained enabled during processing, allowing multiple clicks and
      causing duplicate purchase requests. The button is now disabled after the
      request click until the operation is complete, preventing duplicates.
   ●​ Fixed an issue where updating the shipping address at the Purchase Request
      (PR) document level did not propagate the change to individual line items. The
      system now correctly replicates the updated address across all line items in the
      PR.




                                                                          Release Notes 2
●​ The system now consistently removes leading zeroes on the UI as per the
   configuration to hide leading zeros, while retaining the leading zeros in the
   database.




                                                                        Release Notes 3
