November 4th, 2022




                Vroozi November 2022
                         Release Notes

Table of Contents:
Vroozi Purchase (Requesters, Approvers, Buyers, and Central Receivers)   2
   Users can Customize the Purchase Request Line Item Column Display     2
   Budget Review Workflow                                                2
   Purchase Request Approval Status Name Changes                         3
   PO Related Documents has a new section for Change Requests            5

Vroozi Purchase (Admin)                                                  6
   Budget Approval to Prevent Spend Over Budget                          6

Vroozi Intelligence for Accounts Payable Invoice Automation (APIA) (AP
Processors)                                                              8
   Potential Purchase Order Matches for Invoices in the Hopper           8
   Performance Improvements from Hopper to Invoice Creation              9

Vroozi Marketplace (Catalog Admin)                                       10
   Support for S4 HANA Web HTML User Interface                           10

Resolutions                                                              10
Vroozi Purchase (Requesters, Approvers,
Buyers, and Central Receivers)

USERS CAN CUSTOMIZE THE PURCHASE REQUEST LINE ITEM COLUMN
DISPLAY
Users can customize the columns they want displayed for the Purchase Request (PR)
line items. Users will select the columns using a new settings option on the line item
header bar. The Column Preferences will be saved as the default view for the user.




BUDGET REVIEW WORKFLOW
The new role Budget Approver now has the ability to approve or reject the purchase
requests that will cause spend to exceed their budget. A Budget Review will take place
after the Financial Review (ie: approval based on the value of the Purchase Request).
Budget Approvers have an Approve or Reject decision.



A Budget Approver is assigned to a budget in the Admin Panel (See Vroozi Purchase
(Admin)). In addition, the Budget Approver can edit or create budgets if given the
access in their user master data record.




                                                                    Release Notes 11/4/2022 2
A new status “Budget Review” has been created to indicate Purchase Requests in a
Budget Approval.




PURCHASE REQUEST APPROVAL STATUS NAME CHANGES


Previously, Purchase Requests in a financial approval process (ie: approval based on the
value of the Purchase Request) were given the status “Pending”. The Purchase
Request statuses have been updated so that the user knows what level of approval the
Purchase Request is sitting. The new Purchase Request statuses (in order when
used/applicable):




                                                                    Release Notes 11/4/2022 3
1. Sourcing Review
2. Financial Review (new)
3. Budget Review (new)




                            Release Notes 11/4/2022 4
PO RELATED DOCUMENTS HAS A NEW SECTION FOR CHANGE REQUESTS

All Purchase Order Change Requests (POCRs) will be displayed in its own section of the
Purchase Order Related Documents panel.




                                                                  Release Notes 11/4/2022 5
Vroozi Purchase (Admin)
BUDGET APPROVAL TO PREVENT SPEND OVER BUDGET
If a Purchase Request will cause spend to exceed budget, Budget Management in
Vroozi will initiate a Budget Approval after Financial Approval in the approval workflow.
A new role Budget Approver has been introduced to review and approve Purchase
Requests that will hit their budget. You will need to:

          ○   Turn on Budget Approval Workflow in the Admin Panel under Budgets




          ○   Assign a user the role Budget Approver and the ability to create or
              approve budgets in the User master record.




                                                                     Release Notes 11/4/2022 6
         ○   In the budget, select the option “The system should allow the user to
             submit the purchase request or purchase order, but require a budget
             approver on it”, under “When over budget…”.

         ○   Assign the approver(s) to the Budget.




Under the above configuration, when a Purchase Request is over budget, it will go
through Budget Review right after the Financial Review. The status of Purchase
Request will be “Budget Review” (new).




                                                                   Release Notes 11/4/2022 7
Vroozi Intelligence for Accounts Payable
Invoice Automation (APIA) (AP Processors)

POTENTIAL PURCHASE ORDER MATCHES FOR INVOICES IN THE HOPPER

In the last release, we introduced contextual information to display possible purchase
order matches for invoices in the invoice hopper using Vroozi Intelligence. In this
release, AP Processors can now use that information to match open POs to the invoice
(eg: suppliers may not have provided the PO number on the invoice).




A user can assign a PO from the action column added to the PO lookup overlay.




                                                                   Release Notes 11/4/2022 8
A Vroozi Invoice will then be created and matched to the PO selected.




PERFORMANCE IMPROVEMENTS FROM HOPPER TO INVOICE CREATION

This release delivers a faster conversion of invoices from the Vroozi Invoice hopper to
the invoice document when Vroozi Intelligence populates the invoice fields from the
scanned document.




                                                                     Release Notes 11/4/2022 9
Vroozi Marketplace (Catalog Admin)

SUPPORT FOR S4 HANA WEB HTML USER INTERFACE

Vroozi smartOCI Marketplace can now be configured to integrate with the S4 HANA
Web HTML version. The configuration enables a seamless flow between S4 and the
Vroozi Marketplace as the user changes windows from one to the next in their browser.
This specific update applies to calls to the Vroozi Marketplace (SmartOCI) directly from
the SAP purchasing documents (eg: Shopping Cart) through a Web HTML user
interface option in S4. Vroozi has introduced an additional parameter in the webservice
configuration for S4 Hana that will ensure the successful return of the cart.

The S4 GUI and Fiori UI versions are not affected and use the traditional catalog
configurations.




Resolutions
   ●   Central Receivers who will need to process invoice exceptions (eg: invoice
       without Goods Receipt) will receive an email notification when the invoice goes
       for Exception Handling. All Central Receives in the group will receive the
       notification.
   ●   Vroozi Intelligence will now correctly scan and capture the last page in
       multiple-page documents in the invoice hopper after being split for invoice
       creation. Prior to this release, all split pages were captured correctly except for
       the last page.
   ●   The default Buyer Group was not displayed in the Purchase Request line item
       modal. The system will now display the correct associated Buyer Group for all
       catalog Purchase Request lines.




                                                                     Release Notes 11/4/2022 10
