April 28, 2023




                          Vroozi April 2023
                             Release Notes

Table of Contents:
Vroozi Purchase (Administrator)                                                             2
   Language-Neutral Toggles in the Admin Panel                                              2
   Accounting Elements Filtering in the Invoice based on Company Code                       2
   Read-Only Access to Invoices for Authorized AP Processors - Now Includes Manually Created
   Invoices                                                                                 3
Vroozi Invoice (AP Processors, AP Managers)                                                 5
   AP Processors will be able to search all invoices in Document Flow where they have
   Access                                                                                   5
Resolutions                                                                                 6
Vroozi Purchase (Administrator)
LANGUAGE-NEUTRAL TOGGLES IN THE ADMIN PANEL

All toggle switches in the Admin Panel that have On and Off labels, will be replaced

with        and         respectively.




ACCOUNTING ELEMENTS FILTERING IN THE INVOICE BASED ON COMPANY
CODE

   ●   Accounting accuracy
   ●   Fast and easy coding for improved invoice process efficiency

Make it fast and easy for AP Processors to find and apply the right accounting coding
on invoices.

The accounting elements that an AP Processor can select for invoice line item
accounting can be filtered by Company Code. To present the relevant accounting
elements to the AP Processor based on the Company Code, the Administrator will turn
on ‘Dictate Accounting via Company Code’ in the Admin Panel under Master Data =>
Organization.




                                                                      Release Notes 4/28/2023 2
With the toggle enabled, an AP User will only be able to view and assign accounting
elements based on the Company Code selected at the invoice header. Previously AP
Users were able to select any accounting element regardless of the Company Code.

If ‘Dictate Accounting via Company Code’ is turned off, AP users will be able to view
all the accounting elements and be able to select values that are assigned to a different
Company Code. However, on selecting such a value the system will change the
Company Code at the invoice header based on the selection, and will show a
notification message to the user.




This feature will be initially deactivated for all customers.



READ-ONLY ACCESS TO INVOICES FOR AUTHORIZED AP PROCESSORS -
NOW INCLUDES MANUALLY CREATED INVOICES

   ●   More users, if authorized, will have visibility into invoice information and status
   ●   AP users can get the information they need directly in Vroozi without the emails
       and phone calls

This was previously released in the March 2023 Release for automated invoices only.
With the April Release, the Access Rules apply to manually created Invoices.

Admins can not only give edit access, but also give read-only access to AP Processors
for Invoices using the AP Settings (Admin Panel => AP Settings => Inbox). The access
settings defined under “Structured Document Submission Access Rules” will grant AP
users access to specific invoices based on company code, plant, and cost centers.




                                                                      Release Notes 4/28/2023 3
One AP user named in the Access Rule can edit and take action on the invoice. The
other AP user(s) named in the Access Rule will be granted access to view (but not edit)
the invoice.



Example: An access rule exists that comprises of 3 users: User #1, User #2, and User #3.



   Assignee       Who can edit / take action on         Who can view the invoice?
                         the invoice?




                                                                     Release Notes 4/28/2023 4
 None             User #1, User #2, User #3          User #1, User #2, User #3



 User #1          User #1                            User #1, User #2, User #3




Vroozi Invoice (AP Processors, AP Managers)


AP PROCESSORS WILL BE ABLE TO SEARCH ALL INVOICES IN DOCUMENT
FLOW WHERE THEY HAVE ACCESS

   ●   AP users can quickly get the invoice information they need directly in Vroozi
       without the emails and phone calls

New invoice access rules provide AP Processors with read-only access to invoices (See
the description above for “Read-Only Access to Invoices for Authorized AP Processors -
Now Includes Manually Created Invoices”). AP Processors that use Document Flow are
now able to search for and view all invoices where they have access.




                                                                    Release Notes 4/28/2023 5
Resolutions
 ●   An AP user will again be able to open POs in a new tab from the PO lookup page
     in the invoice.
 ●   Comments added in a Payment Request will now take a tagged user to the
     Payment Request from the comment in Notifications.
 ●   The system will not create duplicate Customer records when using the
     integration API.
 ●   Changing a currency in a PO will now trigger the workflow for the PO Change
     Request (POCR) .
 ●   The AP Settings in the Admin Panel will now display the proper configurations
     for invoice tolerance exceptions.




                                                                Release Notes 4/28/2023 6
