December 1, 2023




                   Vroozi December 2023
                           Release Notes

Table of Contents:
Vroozi Purchase (Administrator)                                           2
   Ensuring Accounting Accuracy using Accounting Validation               2
   New Dynamic Financial Review Workflow                                  5
Vroozi Purchase (Requesters, Approvers, Buyers, and Central Receivers)    9
   Vroozi Accounting Validation for Purchasing Documents                  9
Vroozi Purchase (Suppliers)                                              11
   Improved System Messaging to Suppliers Confirming POs via Email       11
       Successful confirmation                                           12
       PO already confirmed                                              14
       Error                                                             15
Vroozi Invoice (AP Processor, AP Approvers, AP Coders and AP Managers)   16
   New Financial Review for Invoices                                     16
   Vroozi Accounting Validations for Invoice Documents                   17
Resolutions                                                              18
Vroozi Purchase (Administrator)
ENSURING ACCOUNTING ACCURACY USING ACCOUNTING VALIDATION

Accounting Validation ensures accounting accuracy for all transactions by having the
documents (purchasing and invoice documents) follow valid accounting strings (ie: a
valid combination of accounting objects). If a company decides to enable this feature, a
new sub-menu item, “Accounting Strings”, will be available in the Admin panel under
Master Data




This menu option reveals the valid Accounting Strings in the system that will be used in
the Accounting Validation check.




                                                                    Release Notes 12/1/2023 2
With this release, purchasing and invoice documents will be validated against
combinations of Company Code, Cost Center, GL Account and Location. More
accounting objects will be added to the strings in future releases.




                                                                  Release Notes 12/1/2023 3
In this release accounting strings cannot be created or updated from the User Interface
(UI), but will need to be created and updated through a Vroozi API. Please see the
Accounting Strings API documentation in our API library.

At this time, companies will need to request Vroozi Support to turn on this feature.




                                                                     Release Notes 12/1/2023 4
NEW DYNAMIC FINANCIAL REVIEW WORKFLOW

Vroozi developed a new dynamic workflow for Financial Review that will enable more
customizable and flexible approval paths using the accounting and organizational
objects. This is the first of multiple releases to expand the approval workflow
capabilities.

The new workflow adds more workflow configurations so that companies can create
approval paths based on accounting and organizational objects, in addition to paths
based on a delegation of authority. The new workflow configuration can be applied to
Purchase Request, PO Change Request, Invoice and Memo approvals (Financial
Reviews).

Note: This new workflow will replace the company’s existing Financial Review and the
Staircase approval must be selected. Once enabled, references to approver and next
approver in the user profile will no longer be seen (ie: the former workflow
configuration).

In addition to the Fallback Approver already configured in the workflow for Purchase
Requests and PO Change Requests, the company will be able to define a fallback
Accounts Payable (AP) Approver under Company => Workflow screen.




                                                                   Release Notes 12/1/2023 5
Admins can define the workflow paths in the Admin panel under a new section called
“Approval Rules” within Company => Workflow.




The Admin can add a new rule by clicking on the “Add Approval Rule” button. The
workflow can be assigned to Purchase Requests, Change Requests, Invoices and
Memos.




                                                                 Release Notes 12/1/2023 6
Under Condition(s) the admin defines the objects that trigger the workflow. The
following financial and organizational objects can be selected for the workflow
configuration:

   ●   Company Code
   ●   Plant
   ●   Cost Center
   ●   GL Account
   ●   Location
   ●   Project

Under “Approval Chain” the admin creates the list of approvers with their individual
approval limits. Documents matching the conditions will be routed through the
defined approval chain until the spend on the document is satisfied by the approver’s
approval authority. If no matching rule is found, the document will be routed to the
fallback approver.




                                                                   Release Notes 12/1/2023 7
If the document’s accounting or organizational objects change as it moves through the
chain of approvers, the system will re-evaluate the document and change the approval
path accordingly.

Also, the next approver is evaluated at each step of the approval. If any of the next
approvers change in the approval rule while a document is in the workflow, the system
will route the approval based on the updated approval path. Note: documents already
with an approver will not change based on the approval rule change.

At this time, companies will need to request Vroozi Support to turn on this feature.




                                                                     Release Notes 12/1/2023 8
Vroozi Purchase (Requesters, Approvers,
Buyers, and Central Receivers)

VROOZI ACCOUNTING VALIDATION FOR PURCHASING DOCUMENTS

Accounting Validation ensures accounting accuracy for purchasing transactions by
having the documents follow valid accounting strings (ie: a valid combination of
accounting objects). The validation will be done when a:

   ●   Requester submits a Purchase Request (PR) for approval.
   ●   Sourcing Approver tries to approve a Purchase Request (PR) or PO Change
       Request (POCR).
   ●   Financial Approver tries to approve a PR or POCR.
   ●   User tries to submit a PO Change Request (POCR).
   ●   Buyer tries to manually submit a PO.

The following message will appear when Accounting Validation is in progress:




                                                                  Release Notes 12/1/2023 9
When the validation is successful, the user will get the following message.




However, if the validation identifies errors in the accounting string, the user will get the
following message




                                                                      Release Notes 12/1/2023 10
and the system will identify the line items with the error.




In this case the user will have to correct the error with a valid accounting string before
they can proceed with the activity.




Vroozi Purchase (Suppliers)
IMPROVED SYSTEM MESSAGING TO SUPPLIERS CONFIRMING POS VIA
EMAIL

This release introduces messaging improvements to make the confirmation status
more clear to suppliers who use email to confirm Purchase Orders (POs). This reduces
the supplier support calls from when the confirmation status was unclear.

In existing functionality, if the Administrator has enabled PO Acknowledgement for
emailed POs (ie: PO Output is email), suppliers can confirm POs directly from the email.
Suppliers will see a “Confirm Order” button in the email.




                                                                     Release Notes 12/1/2023 11
Now when the Supplier confirms the PO, suppliers will see the following new
messages:

SUCCESSFUL CONFIRMATION




                                                         Release Notes 12/1/2023 12
Release Notes 12/1/2023 13
PO ALREADY CONFIRMED




                       Release Notes 12/1/2023 14
ERROR




        Release Notes 12/1/2023 15
Vroozi Invoice (AP Processor, AP Approvers,
AP Coders and AP Managers)

NEW FINANCIAL REVIEW FOR INVOICES

A new Financial Approval is available for invoices that allow companies to create more
flexible and configurable approval workflows based on accounting and organizational
objects. See New Dynamic Financial Review Workflow under Vroozi Purchase
(Administrator).

Once turned on, invoices that meet the workflow conditions will be assigned
automatically to approvers based on the defined approval path and approval limits.
Previously, AP Processors had to select an approver when submitting for approval.




                                                                  Release Notes 12/1/2023 16
VROOZI ACCOUNTING VALIDATIONS FOR INVOICE DOCUMENTS

Accounting Validation ensures accounting accuracy for invoices by having the invoices
and credit memos follow valid accounting strings (ie: a valid combination of accounting
objects). The validation will be done when a:

   ●   New Line item is saved.
   ●   User tries to submit the Invoice for:
          ○ Approval
          ○ Exception Handling
          ○ Coding
   ●   User clears the exception on the invoice.
   ●   AP Approver approves the invoice.
   ●   AP Coder does any coding

If the system identifies an invalid accounting string, then the user will receive an error
message that identifies the line items and the problem.




The AP Processor is required to rectify the error by choosing a valid accounting string
prior to invoice submission. Alternatively, the AP Processor may opt to forward the
invoice to the AP Coder for error resolution.

On submit, if an accounting string has been deactivated, removed, or edited, the
system displays this message to refresh the invoice.




                                                                      Release Notes 12/1/2023 17
The user will then view the invoice with the error messages to fix the errors.



Resolutions
   ●   When the minimum order quantity was missing in the catalog, the system
       would not allow a user to order less than 1 of that item. Now users will be able to
       order any quantity greater than 0 to include decimal quantities.
   ●   Previously, Notes from Supplier were not displayed to the requester or buyer in
       the Bid view. The supplier notes will now be displayed when the buyer or
       requester reviews the bid.
   ●   Users will be able to pick receipt dates older than 1 year. For customers who
       keep POs open for more than a year (eg: multi-year PO), the system will now
       allow users to create Goods Receipts against these POs as far back as the date
       the PO was sent to the supplier.




                                                                     Release Notes 12/1/2023 18
