December 13, 2024




                  Vroozi December 2024
                            Release Notes

Table of Contents:
Vroozi Analytics                                                           2
   Invoice Exception Tracking in Reporting                                 2
Vroozi Invoice                                                             2
   Approval Preview and Tracing in Invoices, Memos, and Payment Requests   2
       Previous approval chain                                             4
       Approval Chain - approval tracing                                   5
Resolutions                                                                9
Vroozi Analytics

INVOICE EXCEPTION TRACKING IN REPORTING

Invoice exception types will now be stored in the analytics database. The system will
now capture the exceptions as the invoice transitions through various statuses and
eventual resolution. Users with reporting access will gain insights into why invoices go
into exception handling and how the exceptions are eventually resolved. Ultimately the
analysis will help to reduce exceptions or to resolve exceptions faster over time.

This feature will be available by default and accessible by companies with Ad Hoc
reporting. The Vroozi team will deliver standard exception reports for all customers in
an upcoming release. Note that the exception types will be available on any newly
created documents (ie: it will not be available for historical invoices created prior to this
release).



Vroozi Invoice

APPROVAL PREVIEW AND TRACING IN INVOICES, MEMOS, AND PAYMENT
REQUESTS

For companies using the new dynamic workflow, Invoices, Memos, and Payment
Requests will now display an approval preview in the right-hand document menu.
Users in the AP documents can now confirm that the document will follow the proper
workflow.

In addition, for invoice approvals that are in process, have completed, or have restarted
due to rejection, the approval chain view shows the approval status and history,
including approvers who have stepped into the process due to fallback approval, out of
office, delegate approver, or AP Manager approval. Also, if workflow is changed and a
new approval chain is created, Vroozi will display the previous chain information under
“Previous Approval Chain” with a version number. The new Approval Preview and
Tracing enables more complete invoice approval tracing to show what changed, and
who approved.




                                                                      Release Notes 12/13/24 2
This feature will be enabled automatically for all customers who have the Dynamic
Workflow enabled. To enable the dynamic workflow, please contact Customer Support
or email Customer Success at success@vroozi.com




                                                             Release Notes 12/13/24 3
PREVIOUS APPROVAL CHAIN

Where new approval chains are created as invoices are changed in the process, the
system will maintain a view of the historical approval chains and version number.




                                                                 Release Notes 12/13/24 4
APPROVAL CHAIN - APPROVAL TRACING

In the following screen shots, the approval chain shows where approvers have stepped
into the approval chain because of fallback approval, out of office, delegate approver, or
AP Manager approval.




                                                                    Release Notes 12/13/24 5
Release Notes 12/13/24 6
Release Notes 12/13/24 7
Release Notes 12/13/24 8
Resolutions
 ●   For companies who have not created structured document access rules for
     invoices, the system will now assign auto-created invoices to AP Managers and
     AP Processors using the correct default group.




                                                              Release Notes 12/13/24 9
●   For companies with email and structured invoice document access rules, AP
    Processors will no longer see invoices if they are not assigned to any Email or
    Structured Workflow Rules.
●   cXML invoices with errors will now correctly appear for users configured in a
    structured access rule.
●   Resolved a rounding issue with 50% distribution that prevented Payment
    Requests from posting successfully into the ERP system.
●   Fixed an issue introduced into the line item modal in the last release that
    allowed service line items to be created with a $0.00 price. It is once again no
    longer possible to have line items in the PR / PO with a $0.00 price.
●   Delivered a more appropriate error response when a cXML order confirmation
    was submitted for a Confirmed Order. The system previously returned a null
    pointer exception.




                                                              Release Notes 12/13/24 10
