October 11, 2024




                   Vroozi October 2024
                          Release Notes

Table of Contents:
Vroozi Administration (Admin)                                     2
   Line Item Field Configuration for AP Documents (More Fields)   2
   Option to Restrict Invoice Inbox Visibility for AP Managers    4
Vroozi Purchase (Supplier)                                        6
   More Prominent PO Cancellation status on the PO PDF            6
Resolutions                                                       7
Vroozi Administration (Admin)

LINE ITEM FIELD CONFIGURATION FOR AP DOCUMENTS (MORE FIELDS)

Admins can set fields such as Cost Center, WBS, Internal Order, Profit Center, GL Account
and Plant as optional, required, or hidden for Invoices and Memos. The settings now apply
to AP documents line items to ensure fields are handled consistently across all
Procure-to-Pay documents.

To enable this feature, please contact support@vroozi.zendesk.com. Once enabled, line
item fields in AP documents will adhere to the configured settings.




                                                                   Release Notes 10/11/24 2
Release Notes 10/11/24 3
OPTION TO RESTRICT INVOICE INBOX VISIBILITY FOR AP MANAGERS

If enabled, AP Managers will only see AP documents in the Hopper Inbox (“Document
Inbox”) or Archive folder based on the Email Access or Structured Document Submission
Access Rules. AP Managers will need to be explicitly assigned using the access rules to
access AP documents in the inbox. Some companies allow AP Managers to access all
documents, but if you want to restrict what the AP Managers can access, then this option
will allow the restriction through the access rules.

To enable this feature, please contact support@vroozi.zendesk.com. Once activated, AP
Managers will see only the documents associated with their assigned Access Rules.



The Access Rules can be defined in the Admin Panel under Accounts Payable => Settings
=> Inbox under the sections “Email Access Rules” and “Structured Document Submission
Access Rules”.




                                                                  Release Notes 10/11/24 4
Release Notes 10/11/24 5
Vroozi Purchase (Supplier)

MORE PROMINENT PO CANCELLATION STATUS ON THE PO PDF
The canceled status will now be more prominent on a Purchase Order (PO) PDF so that
suppliers clearly know that the order is canceled ie: not a new order.

The PO pdf is generated and sent to the supplier after a user performs a Purchase Order
Change Request (POCR). When items are canceled in an order, suppliers will now have
better visibility into the status of the PO or PO Line items.




                                                                  Release Notes 10/11/24 6
Resolutions
 ●   In Vroozi Purchase and Marketplace, users can now add fractional quantities to the
     shopping cart from Punchout Catalogs items.
 ●   If an item has an Item Model Number defined, the field will now be displayed in the
     Purchase Request and Shopping Cart item details.
 ●   Users can now customize the line item column display in the Payment Request.
 ●   Vroozi Purchase
         ○ Removed the GL display restriction (formerly 10 GLs) in the User Profile GL
             Access field.
         ○ Fixed searching in the Receipts => Ready to Receive screen. Prior to this
             release, when the system would reset the documents list to the default state,
             it didn’t recognize the user's new search query until the reset was complete.
             Now the user can't enter a new value in the search field until the reset
             operation on the screen is complete.
         ○ PR and PO Line items will no longer be deleted after updating the supplier
             master data.
         ○ Resubmitting a Rejected Change Request after changing item data will
             update the line item status to 'Change(s)' instead of 'New Addition'.
         ○ Resolved a freezing issue in "Apply to All" caused by manually adding a %
             sign in the Split by Percent value. The % value now defaults automatically,
             eliminating the need for manual entry.
 ●   Catalog change report will capture additional fields after a user updates the item
     price via Direct Item Update.
 ●   Fixed an issue where the configurable item checkbox functionality did not work
     properly if existing items are updated via Merge & Update.
 ●   Vroozi Invoice
         ○ Improved Inbox, Invoice, and Track Invoice user experience on mobile.
         ○ Users can now successfully select and replace an existing exception
             percentage.
 ●   Resolved an issue in the line item column selection (Invoice, Memo, and Purchase
     Request) where the filtering options did not highlight relevant matches and caused
     the Column Preferences list to reset upon selection.




                                                                    Release Notes 10/11/24 7
