January 13, 2023




                    Vroozi January 2023
                           Release Notes

Table of Contents:
Vroozi Purchase (Admin)                                                              2
   PO Output when the Supplier Output Method is Missing or the Email Needs to be
   Changed                                                                            2
      Allow PO Submissions without Supplier Output method                             2
      Allow PO Submissions to Ad-hoc email address                                   4
      Allow Requesters to provide alternate output email addresses (a sub option that
      is displayed when the first option is toggled to On)                           4
   Employee Restriction to Company and GL Codes                                       5
   Display Name Changes the way the Supplier Name is Displayed in Vroozi and
   Internal Communications                                                            5
   Goods Receipt and Returns Email Notifications to Suppliers                        9
   Include/Exclude Tax and Shipping Charges for Financial Approvals                 12
   More Options for Purchase Order Change Requests (POCR)                           13

Vroozi Purchase (Requesters, Approvers, Buyers, and Central Receivers)              14
   Purchase Order Output by the Buyer when the Output Method is Missing             14
   Adding Ad-Hoc email addresses for PO Output                                      16
   Purchase Order Short Close Enhancements                                          18

Vroozi Integration                                                                  20
   Duplicate Invoice Check in NetSuite                                              20

Resolutions                                                                         20
Vroozi Purchase (Admin)
PO OUTPUT WHEN THE SUPPLIER OUTPUT METHOD IS MISSING OR THE
EMAIL NEEDS TO BE CHANGED

When the PO Output method is missing in the Supplier master record or if an email is
missing or needs to be changed, an Admin can configure how the PO can be
processed. New options are now available under Documents => Settings => Purchase
Orders.




ALLOW PO SUBMISSIONS WITHOUT SUPPLIER OUTPUT METHOD

With the configuration toggle off, users will not be able to “submit” a Purchase Order
when the output method is missing in the supplier master record. Requesters will not
be able to create Purchase Requests to suppliers without an Output Method defined.




                                                                 Release Preview 12/23/2022 2
If a Buyer creates a PO and the Output Method is missing on the supplier master
record a PO will be created in Draft status. The Buyer will not be able to submit the PO.

With the configuration toggle on, users will be able to “submit” an order when the
output method is missing on the supplier master record.

   ●   Requesters will be able to create Purchase Requests. The system will create a PO
       in “Ordered” status and the PO will be sent to the Buyer via email with a PO pdf
       attachment (ie: does not go to the vendor because there is no output method
       assigned).




   ●   Users will also be able to change the status of a Purchase Order from DRAFT to
       ORDERED without the system sending the PO (ie: does not go to the vendor
       because there is no output method assigned)




                                                                   Release Preview 12/23/2022 3
ALLOW PO SUBMISSIONS TO AD-HOC EMAIL ADDRESS

With the configuration toggle on, users have the option to add or change the email
address for the PO output in the PO. The ad hoc email can be used when 1) the
supplier record is missing the Output Method or 2) the supplier record has an Output
Method defined, but the email address needs to be changed for the specific order. All
subsequent communications with the supplier will use the new ad hoc email address.

ALLOW REQUESTERS TO PROVIDE ALTERNATE OUTPUT EMAIL ADDRESSES (A SUB
OPTION THAT IS DISPLAYED WHEN THE FIRST OPTION IS TOGGLED TO ON)

Requesters, with permission in their user master record, have the option to add or
change the email address for the PO output in the Purchase Request.




                                                                 Release Preview 12/23/2022 4
EMPLOYEE RESTRICTION TO COMPANY AND GL CODES
Admins can now restrict Employees to Company and GL Codes in the User record.
Admins can assign multiple codes to an employee.




Employees will only be able to use their assigned Company and GL Code in Purchase
Request (PR) line items.




DISPLAY NAME CHANGES THE WAY THE SUPPLIER NAME IS DISPLAYED IN
VROOZI AND INTERNAL COMMUNICATIONS
The Supplier Master Record has two fields, Name and Display Name. Admins have the
ability to change the Display Name of the Supplier, which changes how the supplier is
displayed in the application and internal email communication. All external email
communications to the Supplier will display the “Name” field.




                                                                Release Preview 12/23/2022 5
With the January release into production, empty Display Name fields will be populated
with the Name field.



Display Name will be used in all system documents (eg: Purchase Requests, Purchase
Orders, Goods Receipts, Invoices, and Memos) where the supplier name is displayed.




Internal Email notification will use the “Display Name” of the supplier.




                                                                   Release Preview 12/23/2022 6
Release Preview 12/23/2022 7
External communications will display the “Name” field from the supplier record.




                                                                Release Preview 12/23/2022 8
GOODS RECEIPT AND RETURNS EMAIL NOTIFICATIONS TO SUPPLIERS
Suppliers can now receive email notification for Goods Receipts and Goods Returns
created in Vroozi. This feature is not available by default and can be turned on for the
company, per request.

Emails will be sent to the email addresses in the “Output Email” and in the “Send PO
Alerts” fields of the supplier record.




                                                                   Release Preview 12/23/2022 9
Once a PO is received (a Goods Receipt is submitted), an email notification is sent with
a pdf attachment.




                                                                 Release Preview 12/23/2022 10
Release Preview 12/23/2022 11
INCLUDE/EXCLUDE TAX AND SHIPPING CHARGES FOR FINANCIAL
APPROVALS


Admins can configure if tax and shipping charges should be considered for Financial
Review. If excluded, the sub-total amount will be used to determine the Financial
Review.

This can be configured on Company => Workflow screen




Once the toggle is on, Sub-total section of PR will show the label “Total Amount in
Financial Review”. The Total amount in Financial Review will be the amount that is
checked against the Employee’s Spend Limit and will determine the approver(s) for
Financial Approval workflow.




                                                                Release Preview 12/23/2022 12
MORE OPTIONS FOR PURCHASE ORDER CHANGE REQUESTS (POCR)

More options have been added to the POCR configuration so you can limit or add more
options for what users can change during a PO change process. The configuration is in
the Admin panel under Documents => Settings => Purchase Orders.

Based on the toggles, the Buyer, Employee or Central Receiver roles who can perform
changes to a PO will be able to make the corresponding changes to the fields in the
Purchase Order.

The following toggles are available for Catalog Line Items.




The new options are:
   ● Cancel items has been renamed to Remove items
   ● Change Item Category
   ● Change Item Description
   ● Change Item Identifier
   ● Change Item SKU Number
   ● Change Tax Info



The following options are available for Non-Catalog Line Items




                                                                 Release Preview 12/23/2022 13
The new options are:
   ● Cancel items has been renamed to Remove items
   ● Change Item Category
   ● Change Item Description
   ● Change Tax Info




Vroozi Purchase (Requesters, Approvers,
Buyers, and Central Receivers)
PURCHASE ORDER OUTPUT BY THE BUYER WHEN THE OUTPUT METHOD IS
MISSING

If Vroozi is configured to “Allow PO Submissions without Supplier Output Method” (See
Admin configuration), the system will “submit” Purchase Orders (POs) when the
Output Method is missing from the supplier master record.

   ●   Requesters will be able to create Purchase Requests. The system will create a PO
       in “Ordered” status and the PO will be sent to the Buyer via email with a PO pdf
       attachment (ie: does not go to the vendor because there is no output method
       assigned). Buyers can then process orders outside the system (eg: print and
       send/fax scenarios).

Requesters will be notified that the PO will be created and output to the Buyer..




                                                                 Release Preview 12/23/2022 14
Release Preview 12/23/2022 15
   ●   The buyer role will also be able to change the status of a Purchase Order from
       DRAFT to ORDERED without the system sending the PO (ie: does not go to the
       vendor because there is no output method assigned)




ADDING AD-HOC EMAIL ADDRESSES FOR PO OUTPUT

If Vroozi is configured to “Allow PO Submissions to Ad-hoc email address” (See Admin
configuration), users can specify an alternate, ad hoc email address to send the
Purchase Order. The ad hoc email can be used when 1) the supplier record is missing
the Output Method or 2) the supplier record has an Output Method defined, but the
email address needs to be changed for the specific order. All subsequent
communications with the supplier will use the new ad hoc email address.



For a PO in Draft status, the user will be able to provide the email address in the
Purchase Order after clicking the submit button on the PO.




                                                                   Release Preview 12/23/2022 16
In the case where there is a PO output method defined in the supplier record, the
Buyer will have the option to change the PO recipient email address after clicking the
ellipsis button next to Submit.




If Vroozi is configured to “Allow Requesters to provide alternate output email addresses”
and given permission in their user master record (See Admin configuration), the
Employee role will have the ability to enter an ad hoc email address in the Purchase
Request. The user will be notified that the email address is missing in one or more of



                                                                 Release Preview 12/23/2022 17
the line items in the Purchase Request. The requester can then provide the email
address in the Purchase Request after clicking Submit.




PURCHASE ORDER SHORT CLOSE ENHANCEMENTS

If a partial receipt against a Purchase Order (PO) exists, a user will have the option to
short close a PO (“Close for receiving”) from the:

   ●   Purchase Order status screen
   ●   Purchase Order document screen
   ●   PO Change Request (POCR) screen




                                                                    Release Preview 12/23/2022 18
On the Purchase Order Status screen, after clicking the additional options menu
(ellipsis or 3-dot menu) on the right, the user will see the option “Close for receiving”.




In the Purchase Order document and after clicking the additional options button
(ellipsis or 3-dot button) at the button right, the user will see the option “Close for
receiving”




In the POCR screen, the user will be able to short close a line item or can completely
close the PO document.




                                                                     Release Preview 12/23/2022 19
On clicking the Action menu option in the line item, the user will see the option “Close
for receiving”. This will close the line item only.




If the user wants to close the complete PO, the user will see the option “Close for
Receiving” after clicking the ellipsis menu option on the Submit button.




Vroozi Integration

DUPLICATE INVOICE CHECK IN NETSUITE

For NetSuite invoice integrations, Vroozi will check during posting if an invoice with the
same supplier and supplier invoice number already exists in Netsuite. If it exists then
the system will return an error message instead of posting to Netsuite.




Resolutions

   ●   Not applicable for this release




                                                                  Release Preview 12/23/2022 20
