March 15, 2024




                          Vroozi March 2024
                               Release Notes


Table of Contents:
Vroozi Purchase (Administrator)                                                                    2
   Accounting String Bulk Upload                                                                   2
   Make Accounting Strings Active or Inactive in the Accounting Validation Configuration           3
   Auto Invoice Date Calculation Toggle in the Supplier Records                                    4
   Toggle for Admins to Configure Invoice Coding and Apply All during Invoice Exception Handling   4
Vroozi Purchase (Budget Approver)                                                                  5
   Accounting Validation in Budget Workflow                                                        5
Resolutions                                                                                        5
Vroozi Purchase (Administrator)

ACCOUNTING STRING BULK UPLOAD

Administrators will be able to upload accounting strings for Accounting Validation in
the Admin Panel using files in XLSX or CSV formats. Like other Vroozi master data
uploads, Administrators can download a template or export the existing data as a
starting point to build/maintain an upload file. If there are any validation errors in the
upload, an error report will be available for the Administrator to download.

Note: For data exports, when the accounting string records exceed 1 million, the system
will automatically switch to CSV format, as XLSX cannot accommodate over 1 million
records.




Please contact support if you want the accounting string feature to be enabled.




                                                                    Release Preview 2/23/2023 2
MAKE ACCOUNTING STRINGS ACTIVE OR INACTIVE IN THE ACCOUNTING
VALIDATION CONFIGURATION

A new field “Status” is available when creating or editing an accounting string to
designate a string as active or inactive for Accounting Validation. This will enable
Admins to quickly adjust the validation as accounting strings become active/inactive.




                                                                Release Preview 2/23/2023 3
AUTO INVOICE DATE CALCULATION TOGGLE IN THE SUPPLIER RECORDS

For companies where the delivery date determines the invoice start date,
Administrators have the ability to enable the Auto Invoice Date Calculation setting
within the Supplier record.   With the feature enabled, the delivery date specified
during Goods Receipt (GR) creation will automatically populate as the Invoice Date on
the supplier’s invoices.




Note: Please contact the Vroozi support team to enable this toggle. This toggle setting
will be saved and tracked on the Supplier change history page in future releases.



TOGGLE FOR ADMINS TO CONFIGURE INVOICE CODING AND APPLY ALL
DURING INVOICE EXCEPTION HANDLING

This release introduces a new toggle in Invoice Coding Access, to allow Admins to
enable or disable Coding and "Apply to All" functionality for Employee, Buyers, and AP
Coders, during Exception Handling. Previously, these features required contacting
Vroozi Support for activation. With this update, Admins have direct control over these
settings.

This is available on Accounts Payable => Settings => Preferences screen




                                                                  Release Preview 2/23/2023 4
Vroozi Purchase (Budget Approver)
ACCOUNTING VALIDATION IN BUDGET WORKFLOW

The Accounting Validation process will now be triggered when the budget approver
approves a Purchase Request (PR). This will be applicable when both budget workflow
and accounting validation features are enabled.




Resolutions
   ●   Improved processing time for large catalog files containing more than 900,000
       items.
   ●   Payment Terms in the Purchase Order header now appear in ascending order.




                                                               Release Preview 2/23/2023 5
●   Fixed an issue where the system populated the incorrect cost center when using
    the Purchase Request line item bulk upload functionality.
●   The system will now trigger accounting validation when an invoice, in Pending
    status, is loaded or refreshed.
●   When a user created a Goods Receipt (GR) for an invoice with GR exception, the
    invoice was not routing to the right user/group for accounting validation errors.
    The system now accurately detects and routes the invoice to the correct
    user/group to resolve the accounting validation error.
●   Tax Calculations will now be automatically updated in the invoice when a user
    modifies the item quantity or unit price via inline editing.
●   Previously, draft invoices generated from cXML could not be updated after
    canceling the corresponding purchase orders. Users experienced a persistent
    "required fields" error. Now, the draft invoices can be updated and saved
    correctly for canceled POs.




                                                               Release Preview 2/23/2023 6
