January 10, 2025




                      Vroozi January 2025
                             Release Notes

Table of Contents:
Vroozi Analytics                             2
   Vroozi Analytics Platform Upgrade         2
Resolutions                                  3
Vroozi Analytics

VROOZI ANALYTICS PLATFORM UPGRADE

Vroozi upgraded the Google Looker platform for Vroozi Analytics. This marks the first
step in our journey to provide faster and enhanced analytics and to deliver on our
migration to more advanced analytics and intelligent analytics. In this first step, Vroozi
upgraded to the latest Looker Version for the latest features, performance
enhancements, and security updates.




The Analytics platform upgrade will unlock significant benefits:

   ●   Faster Insights:
   ●   Improved Performance and Scalability
   ●   Unlock Intelligent Analytics with AI (Future Development)

In the next phase of our journey, Vroozi will be updating the data model, leveraging the
platform speed and scalability, and addressing performance and usability.




                                                                             Release Notes 2
Resolutions
 ●   Improved Hopper Inbox document processing performance.
 ●   Improved “Terms & Conditions” load time particularly where there were a
     significant number of Company Codes or Suppliers.
 ●   Resolved an issue affecting Purchase Order status updates when receiving and
     canceling an ASN. When a user cancels the ASN and the PO's amount is within
     the 'Goods Receipt Threshold' limit, the system will correctly update the
     Purchase Order status to 'Confirmed' on both the Supplier Portal and Purchase
     Manager.)
 ●   Fixed Invoice status issue where "Paid" in Great Plains was incorrectly showing
     "Posted" on the Vroozi invoice.
 ●   For certain accounting and organizations Master Data objects; e.g. Cost Centers,
     GL Accounts etc. the system was displaying leading zeros despite the client
     having configured the system to NOT display these leading zeroes. This issue has
     been resolved.




                                                                       Release Notes 3
