February 9, 2024




                   Vroozi February 2024
                        Release Preview


Table of Contents:
Vroozi Purchase (Administrator)                                          2
   Additional Parameters for Buyer Groups                                2
Vroozi Purchase (Requesters, Buyers, and Central Receivers)              4
   Enhanced “Apply to All” (Vroozi Purchase)                             4
Vroozi Invoice (AP Processor, AP Approvers, AP Coders and AP Managers)   6
   Purchasing Organization now available on Invoices and Memos           6
Resolutions                                                              7
Vroozi Purchase (Administrator)
ADDITIONAL PARAMETERS FOR BUYER GROUPS

Additional parameters can now be used to define a Buyer Group.

   ●   Company Codes
   ●   Cost Centers
   ●   GL Codes
   ●   Projects
   ●   Locations

Buyer Groups define how Purchase Request line items in BuyRoute and Purchase
Orders are assigned to Buyers. Prior to this release, Buyer Groups could only be defined
based on supplier and category. New additional accounting and organizational
parameters enable companies to distribute work items and orders to specific buyers to
improve sourcing and PO maintenance process efficiency.

Buyer Groups are defined in the Admin Panel under Master Data => Buyer Data =>
Buyer Groups




                                                                    Release Notes 2/9/2024 2
Release Notes 2/9/2024 3
Vroozi Purchase (Requesters, Buyers, and
Central Receivers)
ENHANCED “APPLY TO ALL” (VROOZI PURCHASE)

Users will be able to change a single field in “Apply to All”. Prior to this release, users
were always required to enter data in multiple fields during Apply All to maintain valid
parent-child accounting relationships eg: GLs assigned to a Company Code.

The “Apply to All” feature has been enhanced for the following Vroozi Purchase
documents:

   ●   Purchase Request
   ●   Change Request
   ●   Purchase Order
   ●   POCR

Now, when a user changes a field, Vroozi will evaluate if the change is valid. For
instance, if a user changes the GL account for multiple lines using Apply All, the system
will evaluate the proposed change against Company Code (parent object) for each
selected line item. If the GL is valid for that Company Code, then the system will
change the line item. If the GL is not assigned to the Company Code, the system will
not modify the line item and display a message that the proposed change could not be
applied.

Similarly, if a user changes a parent object during “Apply to All” (eg: Company Code), we
know that the change will impact child objects, such as GL Code, Cost Center, Project,
etc. In that case, the system will prompt the user to provide values for affected child
objects during “Apply to All”.




                                                                       Release Notes 2/9/2024 4
Release Notes 2/9/2024 5
Vroozi Invoice (AP Processor, AP Approvers,
AP Coders and AP Managers)

PURCHASING ORGANIZATION NOW AVAILABLE ON INVOICES AND MEMOS

When configured, the system will display Purchasing Organization on Invoices and
Memos at the line item level under General Information.




With this enhancement, the Purchasing Organization code can now be transmitted
from Vroozi to the company’s external ERP system for both Invoices and Memos.

Customers will need to contact Vroozi Support to activate this feature. Once this
feature is enabled, Administrators can change the settings in the Admin panel. Under
Documents => Settings => All Documents => Line item Field Configuration => Company
Information, Admins can choose the appropriate Purchasing Organization field setting:
Required, Optional, or Hidden.




                                                                  Release Notes 2/9/2024 6
Resolutions
 ●   When utilizing the 'Apply to All' functionality on Invoices & Memos, the system
     will now accurately filter Cost Center, Plant, Location, and Class based on the
     selected Company Code.




                                                                   Release Notes 2/9/2024 7
