June 2, 2023




                        Vroozi June 2023
                           Release Notes

Table of Contents:
Vroozi Purchase (Administrator)                                                     2
   Sourcing Review Rules by Company Code                                             2
   Use List-Type Custom Field to trigger a Sourcing Review for Purchase Order Change
   Requests (POCR)                                                                   3
   Create a Two-Step Sourcing Review                                                4
   Custom Number Range for Purchase Order Change Requests (POCR)                     5
   Document Ownership Change for Purchase Orders                                    6
   Additional Purchase Order Change Request (POCR) Configurations                   7
Vroozi Purchase (Requesters, Approvers, Buyers, and Central Receivers)               8
   Sourcing Reviewer Section added on Purchase Request and Purchase Order
   Change Request screens                                                           8
Vroozi Invoice (AP Processors, AP Managers)                                         11
   More Keyboard Shortcuts to Navigate the Vroozi Invoice (Tab and Escape)          11
   Better User Navigation in the Invoice/Memo History                              14
Resolutions                                                                        15
Please see the descriptions below for the Vroozi SpendTech™ module enhancements
released June 2nd, 2023.        The Vroozi Release Notes offers descriptions of
enhancements, application fixes, new features and new modules when applicable to
ensure your continued success.




Vroozi Purchase (Administrator)
SOURCING REVIEW RULES BY COMPANY CODE

Admins will be able to set up Sourcing Review rules using the organization object
Company Code. Companies can now expand approvals or define more specific rules to
enforce processes and approvals that may vary by the company codes.

This feature is not available by default. Please request the Vroozi Support team to
enable this feature for your company.




                                                               Release Notes 5/24/2023 2
USE LIST-TYPE CUSTOM FIELD TO TRIGGER A SOURCING REVIEW FOR
PURCHASE ORDER CHANGE REQUESTS (POCR)

Admins can trigger a Sourcing Review for PO Change Requests (POCRs) using a
List-type custom field in the Purchase Order header. Companies can now create more
custom workflows for PO Change Requests.

In the Sourcing Review workflow configuration, an Admin will define the custom field
that will trigger the Sourcing Review. When the custom field is changed on the PO, it
will trigger the Sourcing Review.




                                                                   Release Notes 5/24/2023 3
This feature is not available by default. Please request the Vroozi Support team to
enable this feature for your company




CREATE A TWO-STEP SOURCING REVIEW

Companies can capture more custom and flexible workflows in a two-step Sourcing
Review for Purchase Requests (PR) and Purchase Order Change Requests (POCR).

In the Sourcing Review workflow configuration, Admins create an initial Sourcing
Review using the toggle “Use this rule as a pre-check before Souring Review”. When
this rule is applicable to the PR or POCR document, the system will set up a two-step
Sourcing Review with this rule as the initial approval.

In the PR or POCR, the user will be asked to select the initial Sourcing approver as well
as the subsequent approver using dropdowns that have the configured approvers (See
the section: Sourcing Reviewer Section added on Purchase Request and Purchase
Order Change Request screens).

This feature is not available by default. Please request the Vroozi Support team to
enable this feature for your company.




                                                                     Release Notes 5/24/2023 4
CUSTOM NUMBER RANGE FOR PURCHASE ORDER CHANGE REQUESTS
(POCR)

Vroozi now allows companies to define a custom number range for Purchase Order
Change Request (POCR) documents. Prior to this release, POCRs were assigned a
number from the Purchase Request number series. Now, a specific series can be
defined for the PO Change Request. Admins can view the current number range
under Documents => Types and Numbers. The number range cannot be changed from
the UI. You will need to contact the Vroozi Support Team to configure the number
range.




                                                             Release Notes 5/24/2023 5
This feature is not available by default. Please request the Vroozi Support team to
enable this feature for your company.




DOCUMENT OWNERSHIP CHANGE FOR PURCHASE ORDERS

The Administrator can change the ownership of Purchase Orders from one user to
another. If a user leaves the organization, has been deactivated, or has been removed
from the system, the Administrator can transfer ownership in the Admin Panel using
Documents => Ownership Change. The ownership can be transferred to Requesters or
Administrator roles only.

Note: With this release, the team delivered a filtering and search User Experience for
ownership changes (eg: filter on document type and owner). Document ownership
will support other purchasing document types and roles in future releases.




                                                                     Release Notes 5/24/2023 6
This feature is not available by default. Please request the Vroozi Support team to
enable this feature for your company.



ADDITIONAL PURCHASE ORDER CHANGE REQUEST (POCR)
CONFIGURATIONS

Vroozi has added more permissions and controls in the Purchase Order Change
Request (POCR) configuration (ie: Document Settings). These settings enable/disable
the changes users are allowed to make to Purchase Orders.



Change Shipping Information for Catalog PO or Non-Catalog PO

Users are able to change shipping information for catalog or non-catalog POs.




                                                                  Release Notes 5/24/2023 7
Change Item Order Quantity or Unit of Measure (UoM)

For catalog line items, users would be able to change the Order Quantity or Unit of
Measure.




Vroozi Purchase (Requesters, Approvers,
Buyers, and Central Receivers)
SOURCING REVIEWER SECTION ADDED ON PURCHASE REQUEST AND
PURCHASE ORDER CHANGE REQUEST SCREENS




                                                                Release Notes 5/24/2023 8
Both the Purchase Request (PR) and Purchase Order Change Request (POCR) screens
have a new header section to select the Sourcing Reviewer. A new dedicated section
will be displayed with the appropriate controls and messaging for sourcing reviewer
selection.

Purchase Request (PR)




                                                                Release Notes 5/24/2023 9
Purchase Order Change Requests (POCR)




Add and Assign an Initial Approver in the Sourcing Review (New)

If multi-step Sourcing Review is configured (new), then the user will make the approver
selection(s) for the initial and follow-on sourcing approvals when applicable in the
Sourcing Review section.




                                                                  Release Notes 5/24/2023 10
Vroozi Invoice (AP Processors, AP Managers)
MORE KEYBOARD SHORTCUTS TO NAVIGATE THE VROOZI INVOICE (TAB
AND ESCAPE)

Vroozi users who like to navigate using the keyboard can use the Tab key to quickly
navigate to the next interactive element in the Vroozi invoice. “Tab Order” will take the
user sequentially through the user interface when they press the Tab on the keyboard.

In addition:
    ● Alt/Shift + Tab will take the user back to the previous interactive element on the
      page.
    ● Escape (Ecs) will close a dialog box



Invoice/Memo submission

The user can tab from the radio buttons under “Select Next Action” to the Comments
field. The user can close the dialog by selecting the Esc key.




                                                                   Release Notes 5/24/2023 11
Split Attachment

The user can tab from the input box to the radio button by pressing Tab.




Action Confirmation Dialog




                                                                  Release Notes 5/24/2023 12
Create Dialog for multi-page invoice




                                       Release Notes 5/24/2023 13
BETTER USER NAVIGATION IN THE INVOICE/MEMO HISTORY

When a user clicks on any audit entry/log within the invoice/memo history and hits the
back option, the system will direct them back to the same audit log item where they
started. Previously, the system redirected users back to the top.




                                                                  Release Notes 5/24/2023 14
When the user goes back to the history, the system will display where they left off in
the history at the selected item.



Resolutions
   ●   The system will no longer display error messages for invoices that total correctly.
   ●   Discounts will now be auto-distributed among the invoice/memo line items
       based on the configured option.




                                                                    Release Notes 5/24/2023 15
●   For companies with the expense module enabled, the system will now correctly
    navigate users to the Vroozi Marketplace landing page when they click the
    company logo instead of the Expenses page.
●   System will now maintain the search filters applied in the Notification Center for
    the duration of the user session so users can return to the filtered page.
●   This release introduces performance improvements for invoice search in the
    Document Flow and Track Invoices screen.




                                                                Release Notes 5/24/2023 16
