August 20th, 2022




                      Vroozi August 2022
                            Release Notes

Table of Contents:
Vroozi Integration (All)                                                      2
   API to load and sync budgets with Vroozi                                   2
   Identify a PR line with a budget in the PR create API                      3

Vroozi Supplier Directory                                                    4
   Add custom fields to the supplier record                                  4
      Creating the Custom Field                                              4
      Creating and Editing Custom Fields and Values in the Supplier Record   6
      Displaying the Custom Field Data in the Supplier Directory             8
      Changing Custom Fields                                                 9

Vroozi Intelligence for Accounts Payable Invoice Automation (APIA) (AP
Processors)                                                                   9
   Scan and Capture Shipping and Billing Addresses                            9
   Eliminate Extraneous line items from the invoice                          10

Vroozi Invoice (AP Processors, AP Managers)                                  11
   Edit line item descriptions using inline editing                           11
   Performance improvement for the header level typeaheads                   12

Resolutions                                                                  13
Vroozi Integration (All)

API TO LOAD AND SYNC BUDGETS WITH VROOZI

Customers using Vroozi’s new Budget Management (see March 2022 Release Notes)
will be able to use APIs to create and maintain budgets from external data and systems.
It enables companies to continue to use their budget systems and tools to create and
maintain budgets in Vroozi so that spend in Vroozi stays within your budgets.

The Budget APIs include:
   ● List Budgets - GET
   ● Create Budget - POST
   ● Upsert Budget - POST
   ● Get Budget - GET
   ● Update Budget using Merge - POST
   ● Update Budget - PUT
   ● Delete Budget - DELETE
   ● Delete Budget Association - DELETE
   ● Get Budget by Name - GET
   ● Delete Budget Association using Budget Name - DELETE

See https://docs-api.vroozi.com/#/Budgets for the API documentation.




                                                                   Release Notes 8/20/2022 2
IDENTIFY A PR LINE WITH A BUDGET IN THE PR CREATE API

Customers using Vroozi’s new Budget Management (see March 2022 Release Notes)
will be able to use the budget field in the Create Purchase Request API to identify a
Purchase Request line item with a budget. This ensures that all spend, including
purchase requests generated from external systems and data, are tracked against
budgets.

See https://docs-api.vroozi.com/#/Purchase%20Requests/post_purchase_requests for
the API documentation.




                                                                    Release Notes 8/20/2022 3
Vroozi Supplier Directory

ADD CUSTOM FIELDS TO THE SUPPLIER RECORD

Companies can add custom fields to the supplier record that can be displayed in the
Supplier Directory. The functionality needs to be enabled by the Vroozi support team.

CREATING THE CUSTOM FIELD

In the Admin Panel (Documents -> Custom Fields), an admin can specify the fields that
could be used in the supplier record.




                                                                   Release Notes 8/20/2022 4
The custom field can then be assigned to the Basic Info, Business Info, Insurance Info,
and/or the Contract Info tabs of the supplier record.




                                                                     Release Notes 8/20/2022 5
Also, Custom fields can be identified as a supplier record field using the Custom Field
Bulk Upload template using new optional columns introduced into the template:
“Basic Info”, “Business Info”, “Insurance Info”, and “Contract Info”.




At this time, the supplier record custom fields can only be FIXED or LIST type.

Other notes about creating custom fields

   ●   If a custom field is associated with a supplier record tab, it cannot be left empty.
       It must have a value in it.
   ●   A single tab can include multiple custom fields.
   ●   A single custom field can be associated with multiple tabs on the same supplier
       record.
   ●   LIST type custom fields must always have predefined values that can be used
       once the custom field is associated with a supplier record.
   ●   FIXED type custom fields may or may not have a default value. Admins can
       specify the fixed type custom field's value on the supplier record itself.




CREATING AND EDITING CUSTOM FIELDS AND VALUES IN THE SUPPLIER RECORD
A new custom field section has been added to the supplier record. Once the custom
field is created per above, this section allows Admins to associate the custom field and
data with the supplier. Each custom field can either use the default value, as
configured in the custom field management section of the Admin Panel, or pick a
different value.

Custom fields can also be designated as "Searchable" so it can be used as a search
parameter in the Supplier Directory search engine for standard and advanced search.




                                                                       Release Notes 8/20/2022 6
Release Notes 8/20/2022 7
Custom fields can also be created and managed and assigned values for each supplier
using the supplier bulk upload sheet. This can be done using the following new
columns added to the upload template:
          ○ Basic_Info_CustomFieldName
          ○ Basic_Info_CustomFieldValue
          ○ Business_Info_CustomFieldName
          ○ Business_Info_CustomFieldValue
          ○ Insurance_Info_CustomFieldName
          ○ Insurance_Info_CustomFieldValue
          ○ Contract_Info_CustomFieldName
          ○ Contract_Info_CustomFieldValue

Admins can specify a custom field by either its Field Name or its Display Name. Each
custom field that the user wants to associate with a specific supplier record should be
specified on a single row in the file for that supplier.



DISPLAYING THE CUSTOM FIELD DATA IN THE SUPPLIER DIRECTORY

When a user opens the supplier in the Supplier Directory, the user can view all the
supplier information, including the custom fields and the relevant values.




                                                                    Release Notes 8/20/2022 8
CHANGING CUSTOM FIELDS
All changes made to the Custom Fields on the supplier record are captured by the
Supplier Record Audit Log and can be viewed from the “Change History” tab in the
supplier record.

Supplier Directory Admins are only able to manage the supplier record custom fields.
They will not be able to make changes to custom fields that will affect other
transactional documents or catalog items.




Vroozi Intelligence for Accounts Payable
Invoice Automation (APIA) (AP Processors)


SCAN AND CAPTURE SHIPPING AND BILLING ADDRESSES



                                                                  Release Notes 8/20/2022 9
Vroozi Intelligence will capture the shipping and billing address from scanned invoices
and match the addresses with addresses defined in the company’s master data. Vroozi
Intelligence will use third-party address information to correctly match addresses.




ELIMINATE EXTRANEOUS LINE ITEMS FROM THE INVOICE

Vroozi Intelligence will eliminate extraneous line items from the invoice scan so it only
captures the line items AP Processors need to quickly create and reconcile an invoice.
For instance, extraneous lines may include lines totaling 0.00 or tax lines.




                                                                    Release Notes 8/20/2022 10
Vroozi Invoice (AP Processors, AP Managers)

EDIT LINE ITEM DESCRIPTIONS USING INLINE EDITING

AP Processors will be able to quickly edit invoice line item descriptions using the inline
editing. Note: inline editing is available for all invoice types, but it will be most useful to
adjust any descriptions captured by Vroozi Intelligence ie: adjust any extraneous
information picked up by the invoice capture.




                                                                        Release Notes 8/20/2022 11
PERFORMANCE IMPROVEMENT FOR THE HEADER LEVEL TYPEAHEADS

Users will see significant performance improvements in typeahead searches for invoice
header level drop down fields. The search results will display much faster as users type
into the drop down field.




                                                                   Release Notes 8/20/2022 12
Resolutions
 ●   Bulk uploads were not using the lead time from the catalog items to calculate
     the delivery date when the delivery date field was empty in the bulk upload. This
     has been corrected. Now for bulk uploads:
        ○ if the delivery date is in the bulk upload file, then the system will use that
           delivery date.
        ○ if the delivery date is not in the bulk upload file then the system will use
               ■ the catalog item lead time if available
               ■ the company default lead time when a catalog item is not available
                   or the item is non-catalog
 ●   Now an invoice will match the PO in the case when a requester creates an
     address during Purchase Request creation.




                                                                  Release Notes 8/20/2022 13
