August 9, 2024




                    Vroozi August 2024
                          Release Notes

Table of Contents:

Vroozi Administration (Admin)                                                2
   Change History in the User Profile                                        2
Vroozi Purchase (Requesters, Buyers, and Central Receivers)                  4
   Extended Future Delivery or Service Period End Dates                      4
   Allow receipt of PO items based on when the individual item was ordered   4
Analytics (AP Manager Dashboard)                                             4
   Invoice Data Tracking Dashboard                                           4
       Document Inbox (Hopper) Report                                        5
       Electronic Invoice Report                                             5
       Invoice Aging Report                                                  5
       PR Aging Report                                                       5
Resolutions                                                                  5
Vroozi Administration (Admin)

CHANGE HISTORY IN THE USER PROFILE

User Change History will now be available in the User profile for enhanced transparency
and auditability. A detailed historical record will capture all modifications made to the
user’s record.

This feature will be automatically enabled for all customers - no additional
configuration will be required. To view a User’s Profile Change History, navigate to
Master Data > Users > Edit User > Change History.




                                                                          Release Preview 2
Release Preview 3
Vroozi Purchase (Requesters, Buyers, and
Central Receivers)

EXTENDED FUTURE DELIVERY OR SERVICE PERIOD END DATES

Users can now specify future delivery or service period end dates for Purchase Request
and Purchase Order line items up to the year 2099. Previously, users were only able to
select a future date up to 5 years from the date of Purchase Requisition or Purchase
Order creation. This restricted companies from creating orders that spanned more
than 5 years (eg: projects and capital expenditures). Now companies are able to create
multi-year orders that span greater than 5 years.



ALLOW RECEIPT OF PO ITEMS BASED ON WHEN THE INDIVIDUAL ITEM WAS
ORDERED

Goods Receipts can now be backdated to reflect the actual date of delivery for received
items, or service start date even if the “start date” or “received date” is before the
Purchase Order issue date. This new feature allows enhanced data accuracy, ensuring
records reflect accurate delivery dates and timelines that provides the user with greater
flexibility.

Example: A user submits a PO on 7/1/2024 which includes 2 line items. Line item 1 has a
start date of 10/1/2024, and line item 2 has a start date of 2/1/2024. Line Item 1 on the
Goods Receipt can have a received or start date backdated to the PO creation date
(7/1/24), however line item 2 can have a received or start date dated back to the listed
start of the service period (2/1/24).

This feature will be automatically enabled and available to all customers by default.



Analytics (AP Manager Dashboard)

INVOICE DATA TRACKING DASHBOARD

New reports have been added to the AP Manager Dashboard under Invoice Data
Tracking to give users, with access, a holistic view of invoices in process.




                                                                          Release Preview 4
DOCUMENT INBOX (HOPPER) REPORT
Provides users with more details into invoices in the Vroozi Invoice Hopper, including
number of days, last updated date, and source (email, cXML, or Supplier Portal).

ELECTRONIC INVOICE REPORT
Gives users a view into how electronic invoices, coming in via cXML, were processed in
Vroozi and the invoice status.

INVOICE AGING REPORT
Users can view the lifecycle of an invoice and the number of days at different stages in
the process from the hopper/creation in Vroozi to when it’s posted to the financial
system.

PR AGING REPORT
Users can view the lifecycle of a Purchase Request from Draft to Approved in Vroozi.
The report provides further insight into Purchase Requests that are pending approval,
such as the number of days in approval and the approver who needs to approve.



Resolutions
   ●   Improved Vroozi Intelligence cognitive scan and capture (OCR) to automatically
       fill in the Purchase Order number from the invoice document in the case when
       the supplier was not recognized.
   ●   Corrected a labeling issue with the Vertex Tax code field.
   ●   Eliminated an error for companies who bulk updated their Dynamic Workflow
       rules with only a location type condition.
   ●   Also for the bulk upload of Dynamic Workflow approval rules, email addresses
       are now case-insensitive (ie: any case and a mix of cases).
   ●   Improved the Invoice/Memo PO Lookup search to include the Company Code.
   ●   The Invoice Status navigation menu now shows the bubble count of invoices in
       the exception queue.
   ●   Addressed an issue where a rounding error was affecting the distributed total
       amount in certain special cases.
   ●   During a Purchase Order Change Request (POCR), an editable header custom
       field will now be updated when a user removes a value in the field.
   ●   Also for a Purchase Order Change Request (POCR), when the service period
       date is the only change in the order status “Received”, the status will remain
       “Received” and not revert to “Ordered”.




                                                                         Release Preview 5
●   Approval status in historical documents will reflect the approval chain as it was
    performed and not present the current approval configuration.




                                                                      Release Preview 6
