February 24, 2023




                    Vroozi February 2023
                          Release Notes

Table of Contents:
Vroozi Purchase (Requesters, Approvers, Buyers, and Central Receivers)          2
   One-Stop Notification Center for all Announcements and Communications where a
   User is Tagged                                                               2

Vroozi Invoice (AP Processors)                                                 4
   Configure Auto Calculation in Invoice and Memo Totals                       4

Resolutions                                                                    8
Vroozi Purchase (Requesters, Approvers,
Buyers, and Central Receivers)

ONE-STOP NOTIFICATION CENTER FOR ALL ANNOUNCEMENTS AND
COMMUNICATIONS WHERE A USER IS TAGGED

This will be the first of many enhancements to the Vroozi notification center so that
users will have one place to go for all their communications. In the February release, all
announcements and comments where a user is tagged can be accessed from one
centralized notification center.

At the bottom-left of the user’s screen in the blue main navigation area is where a user
accesses the Notification Center (a bell icon). Whenever there is a new announcement
or a user is tagged in comments, the bell icon counter will show the count of unread
notifications.




Notification screen will contain both Announcements added by the Admin and all the
comments in documents tagged to the user.




                                                                Vroozi Release Notes 2/24/2023 2
Clicking on the tagged message will take the user to the respective document and
system will automatically show the comments:




The user can then respond to a comment.




                                                            Vroozi Release Notes 2/24/2023 3
Vroozi Invoice (AP Processors)
CONFIGURE AUTO CALCULATION IN INVOICE AND MEMO TOTALS

Auto population of totals in the footer of invoices and memos can now be configured. If
“Auto Population of Footer Totals” is configured by the Admin in the AP Settings
(Accounts Payable => Settings => Preferences), Vroozi will automatically calculate the
enabled values.




If the toggle is off then Vroozi will not populate the calculated values, but will use the
values from the cXML or OCR data..

With auto population of footer totals, AP users no longer need to key in the total values
when they make an update to an AP document. Vroozi will do the total calculations.

AP users will see a new toggle on the invoice and memo. When an invoice is created,
this toggle is turned off by default and Vroozi will populate values from cXML or OCR
where applicable.




                                                                  Vroozi Release Notes 2/24/2023 4
Once the toggle is turned on, Vroozi will auto-populate the totals with calculated
values.




                                                               Vroozi Release Notes 2/24/2023 5
With the toggle on, when the user makes a change to the document, Vroozi calculates
the totals that are enabled in the configuration.




                                                            Vroozi Release Notes 2/24/2023 6
Vroozi will display an alert message when the amount being posted is different from
the amount that was originally submitted.




                                                             Vroozi Release Notes 2/24/2023 7
Resolutions
 ●   Only those AP users having access to invoices/memos (through the access rules)
     will now see the respective document even if it is unassigned. Previously,
     unassigned invoices did not follow the access rules.

 ●   For the Vroozi Marketplace “Not in a Catalog” scenario, users were not able to
     create shopping carts for items where prices had blanks (eg: “12. 34”). Vroozi
     Marketplace will now remove the spaces and add the item to the cart.

 ●   Resolved an issue in the Purchase Request line item bulk upload for customers
     who had multiple company codes linked to multiple GL and customer accounts.
     The system was unable to map the accounting information correctly on the PR
     when it was created. The customer field will now be picked up by the system in
     the line item bulk upload.

 ●   Improved Japanese language translations for specific system notifications,
     tooltips, and field labels in Vroozi Purchase.




                                                              Vroozi Release Notes 2/24/2023 8
●   Performance improvement when creating an invoice from the hopper.

●   Invoice attachment containing (“) quotes will now be processed successfully.

●   Purchase Orders (PO) created through the Purchase Order API will now show
    the correct PO Name in Vroozi.

●   A purchase order containing a free line item can now be canceled.




                                                            Vroozi Release Notes 2/24/2023 9
