September 13, 2024




                Vroozi September 2024
                          Release Notes

Table of Contents:
Vroozi Administration (Admin)                                                 2
   Line Item Field Configuration for AP Documents                             2
   Multiple Purchase Order Terms & Conditions                                 3
   Vroozi Budgets can be Defined against any Accounting/Organization Object   3
   Vroozi Budget Management Bulk Upload                                       5
Vroozi Invoice (AP Processor, AP Coder, AP Manager)                           6
   Enhanced “Apply to All” in the Vroozi Invoice                              6
   Customizable Invoice and Memo Line Item Column Display                     7
Vroozi Purchase (Buyers)                                                      8
   Select or Change the Purchase Order Terms & Conditions                     8
Resolutions                                                                   8
Vroozi Administration (Admin)

LINE ITEM FIELD CONFIGURATION FOR AP DOCUMENTS

When Admins define fields such as Location, Customer, Class, Project as Required,
Optional, or Hidden, the settings now apply to AP documents. This delivers more
consistency to what line item information is captured and managed, and reduces the
manual adjustments and potential inconsistencies between documents.

Currently this applies to Location, Customer, Class and Project Line Item Field
Configuration settings. Other accounting fields such as Cost Center, WBS Element,
Internal Order, Profit Center, Plant, and GL Account will be supported in a future
release.

To enable this feature, please submit a Help Ticket to Vroozi Support to request this
feature.




MULTIPLE PURCHASE ORDER TERMS & CONDITIONS

Customers now have the ability to maintain multiple Purchase Order Terms and
Conditions, which can be applied based on company or supplier.

Administrators can configure Vroozi to assign Terms and Conditions based on Supplier
or Company Code, or Buyers can select the Terms and Conditions for a specific




                                                                    Release Notes 09/13/24 2
Purchase Order (PO). Users will be able to create, manage or update the Terms and
Conditions on a draft PO prior to submission, or via a Purchase Order Change Request
(POCR). All changes and updates made to the Terms and Conditions in the Purchase
Order will be recorded in the PO Change History.

This feature will be automatically enabled for all Vroozi customers. To manage, update,
or change this feature navigate to Admin Panel -> Documents -> Settings -> Purchase
Orders



VROOZI BUDGETS CAN BE DEFINED AGAINST ANY
ACCOUNTING/ORGANIZATION OBJECT

Vroozi expanded Budget Management to include all the Organizational and
Accounting Objects. Companies now have greater control to ensure budgets are
enforced for all spend under management.

Companies that have Budget Management activated can add and edit budgets under
Admin Panel => Master Data => Budgets.




                                                                   Release Notes 09/13/24 3
In the Budget, the Admin or Budget Owner can add or edit the accounting string to
include the accounting and organizational objects that can access the budget.




If your company is not using Budget Management today, please contact Customer
Support (eg: support ticket) or Customer Success (success@vroozi.com).



VROOZI BUDGET MANAGEMENT BULK UPLOAD

As an alternative to the Budget APIs, customers using Vroozi Budget Management can
now upload budgets through a file upload/download process based on an upload
template.




                                                                Release Notes 09/13/24 4
Under Admin => Master Data => Budgets the Admin roles can download the template,
download the current budget configuration, or upload a file.




The Budget Bulk Upload template contains a sheet for the fields that define the
budget as well as an Instructions sheet for how to enter the budget data into the fields.

If your company is not using Budget Management today, please contact Customer
Support (eg: support ticket) or Customer Success (success@vroozi.com).



Vroozi Invoice (AP Processor, AP Coder, AP
Manager)

ENHANCED “APPLY TO ALL” IN THE VROOZI INVOICE
All the recent enhancements to “Apply to All” in Vroozi Purchase are now available in
Vroozi Invoice, which means “Apply to All” has a consistent experience across the Vroozi
Procure-to-Pay documents.

When using the “Apply to All” functionality, Vroozi now evaluates the user’s proposed
changes in the Vroozi Invoice for data consistency (e.g. the change is valid for that
company code) for the selected line items. If the changes are valid, the changes will be
applied to all the selected line items. By contrast, if the proposed data changes are not
valid, the line items will remain unmodified and the user will receive a message on the
document UI. In the case where a user modifies a single field in which other fields are
dependent, the corresponding child fields will be displayed for the user to fill out within
the Apply to All module upon validation.




                                                                     Release Notes 09/13/24 5
This feature will be automatically enabled in all customers.




CUSTOMIZABLE INVOICE AND MEMO LINE ITEM COLUMN DISPLAY

Users are now able to personalize the line item columns displayed on the Vroozi Invoice
and Memo documents. Users will now be able to see pertinent data based on their
specific needs at a glance to ensure accuracy and to streamline the process of
managing and reviewing line item details.

The column setting is available under a “gear” icon on the right side of the line field
label area.




                                                                  Release Notes 09/13/24 6
In the Column preferences, users can select and deselect the fields that are displayed
at a glance in the Vroozi Invoice.




Vroozi Purchase (Buyers)
SELECT OR CHANGE THE PURCHASE ORDER TERMS & CONDITIONS

Customers now have the ability to maintain multiple Purchase Order Terms and
Conditions. Buyers can select the Terms and Conditions for a specific Purchase Order
(PO). In addition, Buyers will be able to create, manage or update the Terms and
Conditions on a draft PO prior to submission, or via a Purchase Order Change Request
(POCR). All changes and updates made to the Terms and Conditions in the Purchase
Order will be recorded in the PO Change History.




                                                                 Release Notes 09/13/24 7
Resolutions
 ●   Updated Japanese translation for PO Close notification email.
 ●   Also, under translation, user group names will now be translated and displayed
     accurately within Vroozi.
 ●   Resolved an issue where the Location field was not updating correctly on the
     Invoice document when using "Apply to All".
 ●   Invoices created and processed at the exact same time would create duplicate
     Invoice numbers, which would cause errors when posting the invoices to
     external systems. The system will no longer create duplicate invoice numbers.
 ●   This release fixes an issue in the “Apply to All” feature where Quantity, Value, and
     Amount fields in the "Changes to be Applied" tab were not populated with
     preset values.
 ●   Resolves an issue where users were able to approve their own PRs if they were
     part of the defined approval chain in the new dynamic workflow. Now, if the
     requester or the person that owns the PO in the case of a POCR is part of the
     approval chain, the system will automatically skip that individual, and move onto
     the next approver in the chain.
 ●   Updated the email Buyers receive for POs or PO Change Requests (POCR) for
     visibility into the type of document they are receiving.




                                                                   Release Notes 09/13/24 8
