September 22, 2023




                Vroozi September 2023
                          Release Notes

Table of Contents:
Vroozi Purchase (Administrator)                                                    2
   Enhanced Controls for Purchase Request Processing when the Order Output
   Method is Missing                                                               2
   Separate “Transfer History” and “Running Tasks” Tables under Ownership Change   4
Vroozi Purchase (Buyers)                                                           5
   Buyer Roles will have access to POs in Pending Output status                    5
Vroozi Invoice (AP Coders)                                                         5
   Apply All for AP Coders                                                         5
Resolutions                                                                        6
Vroozi Purchase (Administrator)

ENHANCED CONTROLS FOR PURCHASE REQUEST PROCESSING WHEN THE
ORDER OUTPUT METHOD IS MISSING

Vroozi introduces two new configurations in the Admin Panel (Documents => All
Documents in the Purchase Requests => PR Submission Configurations section) to
control how Purchase Requests should be submitted when the order output method is
missing from the Supplier master data record.

        ○   Allow creation of auto-generated POs in the PENDING OUTPUT state
        ○   Allow Requesters to transmit POs that are in PENDING OUTPUT




These two options enhance the controls for the existing “Allow PR Submissions without
Supplier Output Method” and “Allow PR Submissions to Ad-hoc email address when
Supplier Output Method is not given” to let companies either create Orders
automatically from approved Purchase Requests in the Pending Output or Ordered
status.




                                                                 Release Notes 9/22/2023 2
Configuration                    Result                              PO Status

Allow PR Submission without         ●     Requesters can submit      Configurable (new):
Supplier Output Method                    the Purchase Request       PO in status “Pending Output”
                                    ●     They will see a            or
                                          notification that the PO   New: PO in “Ordered” status
                                          Output is missing.

Allow PR Submissions to             1. Requester can enter an           1. With email output - PO
Ad-Hoc email address when              email address and                   sent to email address.
Supplier Output Method is not          submit                              PO Status is “Ordered”
given*                              2. Continue without an              2. Configurable (new):
                                       email address                       Without an email
                                                                           address - PO is created
                                                                           in “Pending Output”
                                                                           status or New: PO is
                                                                           created in “Ordered”
                                                                           status

Both toggles are off             Requesters are not able to          N/A
                                 submit Purchase Requests


    *Requesters need to be enabled in their user profile to allow the user to specify ad-hoc
    PO output by checking “Specify Ad-hoc PO Output”



       1) With “Allow PR Submissions without Supplier Output Method” enabled, you can
          allow creation of auto-generated POs in the PENDING OUTPUT state.

       ●   Purchase Orders will be automatically generated from approved Purchase
           Requests and will be in the “Ordered” status.

    So now instead of users flipping the order from Pending Output to Ordered, the system
    will create the Order directly in Ordered status. However, because there is no output
    method, the orders will not be sent anywhere. Some customers will use these orders to
    print and send for example, or to match with invoices (2- and 3-way match).

       2) With “Allow PR Submissions to Ad-hoc email address when Supplier Output
          Method is not given” enabled AND you allow creation of auto-generated POs in
          the Pending status, you can then allow Requesters to transmit POs that are in
          PENDING OUTPUT.
             ● Purchase Orders will be automatically generated from approved Purchase
                Requests and will be in the “Ordered” status.




                                                                             Release Notes 9/22/2023 3
Note that in this case when an ad hoc email address is not provided, the Purchase
Order can now be configured to go into Ordered status (new), but will not be sent
anywhere ie: no output method has been provided. When an ad hoc email address has
been provided, the PO status is Ordered and will be output to the email address
provided (existing).

For more information on the full configuration, please see PO Output Configuration
When the Supplier Output Method is Missing – Vroozi HelpDesk (zendesk.com)



SEPARATE “TRANSFER HISTORY” AND “RUNNING TASKS” TABLES UNDER
OWNERSHIP CHANGE

The Ownership Change page under the Admin Panel => Documents will now display
two separate tables:

   ●   Transfer History - displays completed document transfers
   ●   Running Tasks - displays document transfers in process

Once a transfer is complete, the job will move from Running Tasks to Transfer History.




                                                                    Release Notes 9/22/2023 4
Vroozi Purchase (Buyers)

BUYER ROLES WILL HAVE ACCESS TO POS IN PENDING OUTPUT STATUS

In a previous release, we introduced a new Purchase Order (PO) status "Pending
Output". This status identified POs that required action due to missing PO output in
the supplier record.

With this release, POs in the "Pending Output" status will now be visible to Buyers who
can then process the orders.




Vroozi Invoice (AP Coders)
APPLY ALL FOR AP CODERS

Accounts Payable Approvers who have the option to code invoices will now have access
to Apply All. AP Coders will now be able to select multiple invoice line items to quickly
assign the correct accounting.




                                                                    Release Notes 9/22/2023 5
Resolutions
 ●   The system will now correctly route Purchase Request items to the appropriate
     Buyer Group based on the BuyRoute configuration.
 ●   “Ready for Sourcing” in BuyRoute now correctly shows the “Display Name” from
     the Supplier record, as opposed to the default “Name” field.
 ●   The team fixed a bug with the “Customer” accounting element when it is a
     required field. Previously, the field was not available to users in the line item
     details so they would not be able to select a value. If the field was required, then
     it was impossible for the user to fix the error and continue with the Purchase
     Request or Purchase Order process. The only option was to have Customer as
     optional. Now users will be able to fix the error when the Customer field is
     empty.
 ●   The Purchase Request line item grid now displays appropriately on mobile
     browsers.




                                                                    Release Notes 9/22/2023 6
