October 27, 2023




                   Vroozi October 2023
                        Release Notes

Table of Contents:
Vroozi Purchase and Invoice (Administrator)                                 2
   New Role: Accounts Payable Coder                                         2
   Updated PO Layout to Display Custom Fields                               2
Vroozi Purchase (Requesters, Buyers, and Central Receivers)                 3
   Add PO Document Level Attachments during a Purchase Order Change Request
   (POCR)                                                                   3
Vroozi Invoice (Exception Handlers)                                         3
   Coding for Exception Handlers                                            3
Resolutions                                                                 4
Vroozi Purchase and Invoice (Administrator)

NEW ROLE: ACCOUNTS PAYABLE CODER

Vroozi introduces a new role, AP Coder. Prior to this release, coding was a permission
underneath the AP Processor and AP Approver Roles, which meant that non-AP users
who needed to do coding were given more AP capabilities than just coding. With this
release, AP Coder is a separate role that is no longer tied to the AP roles. Non-AP users
can now be assigned the AP Coder role to just code documents.




Note: Requesters and Buyers will be able to code their own invoices (ie: their
requisitions and orders) by default when assigned. This new permission enables the
user to code all invoices where they are assigned.



UPDATED PO LAYOUT TO DISPLAY CUSTOM FIELDS


We improved the PO line item custom field readability in the pdf PO layout. Previously
suppliers could not get the information they needed from the PO line item custom
fields because it was hard to discern one field from another when there were multiple
fields. Now, each custom field is clearly and independently presented under the line
item to improve the readability.




                                                                   Release Preview 10/27/2023 2
Vroozi Purchase (Requesters, Buyers, and
Central Receivers)

ADD PO DOCUMENT LEVEL ATTACHMENTS DURING A PURCHASE ORDER
CHANGE REQUEST (POCR)

Users can now add document level attachments to Purchase Orders during the
Purchase Order Change Request (POCR) process. Previously, users could only add
attachments to individual PO line item items.



Vroozi Invoice (Exception Handlers)

CODING FOR EXCEPTION HANDLERS

Users assigned for exception processing will now be able to code documents during
invoice exception resolution. Requesters will be able to code by default unless they are
restricted from coding PRs and POs in their user profile. Other exception handlers will
require the new AP Coder role (see “New Role: AP Coder” under the Vroozi Purchase
and Invoice (Admin) section) to be assigned to them to code an invoice in exception.




Note: Contact Vroozi Support if you want this feature activated. The configuration is
not yet available in the Vroozi Admin Panel. Currently, a user will only be made aware
of coding changes if they view the audit trail in the invoice.




                                                                  Release Preview 10/27/2023 3
Resolutions
 ●   Users with “Restrict Coding of PR/PO” in their user profile will no longer be able to
     make changes to coding during the PO Change Request (POCR).
 ●   Users tagged in a Goods Receipt will be redirected to the relevant Goods Receipt
     page from the Notifications section.
 ●   Fixed an issue where a newly added line item in the POCR did not update the
     version of the PO, did not show in the PO Audit trail, and did not show on the PO
     PDF document when a Preset was applied in the Apply to All.
 ●   When attachments are added to a PO document during a POCR, it will show
     properly in the PO Audit trail and in the Attachments section.
 ●   All exception handlers in a group will now be able to view invoices assigned to the
     group for exception resolution.
 ●   Previously, specific pdf invoices did not display completely. Now, the invoices will
     render properly.




                                                                   Release Preview 10/27/2023 4
