Create a Punchout Catalog

To use ​Punchouts​, S
                    ​ hoppers​ click on the supplier card and are redirected to the
vendor website. Once items are placed into the cart, S  ​ hoppers​ check out of the
vendor website and the items are transferred into the M   ​ arketplace c
                                                                       ​ art.

All content and pricing is hosted and therefore managed by the supplier.


S​TEP​ 1: C​REATE​ ​OR​ U​PDATE​ ​THE​ S​UPPLIER​ R​ECORD
      ●   See separate materials for details on this step



S​TEP​ 2: C​ONFIRM​ S​UPPLIERS​ C​ATALOG​ C​OMMUNICATION​ ​STANDARD

Communication Standards:
cXML(punchout catalog) > cXML PO > cXML Invoice
      ●   cXML is the standard punch out communication for eProcurement.
cXML (punchout catalog) > cXML to EDI translation PO > EDI to cXML translation
Invoice
      ●   EDI is encrypted transmission of information between systems that is only
          readable between systems. EDI requires use of a third party to translate Vroozi
          cXML POs to EDI for the supplier. The supplier sends an EDI invoice back then
          our third party translates it to cXML for Vroozi Invoice system to accept it.
OCI (punchout catalog) > SAP PO > SAP Invoice
      ●   Typically for clients using Vroozi Marketplace shopping experience in place of
          Vroozi Purchase tool.
The communication standard will determine what type of External Definitions are
required.



S​TEP​ 3: B​UILD​ ​THE​ C​ATALOG​ F​ILE
Items with an *​ ​ Indicate fields specific to a Punchout catalog.

 1.       Under C
                ​ atalog Management​, click the ​Create​ button near the top right of the
          Catalog Management​ screen.

 2.       Select the ​Catalog​ option from the drop down. A C
                                                            ​ reate Catalog​ window will
          appear.


                                                                                           1
3.    Enter the ​Catalog Name​. This is a required field.

4.    Because this is a P
                        ​ unchout Catalog​, there is no need to add a C
                                                                      ​ atalog File​ or
      Image File​.

5.    Link the catalog to a supplier by selecting an option from the ​Supplier
      Company​ field.

6.    When creating a P
                      ​ unchout Catalog​, it is mandatory to check the ​External
      Catalog b
              ​ ox.

7.    *​After checking the ​External Catalog​ box, additional fields populate:​*

         ●   Search Allowed: A  ​ llows S
                                        ​ hoppers​ t​ o​ search for the Punchout catalog
             items using the universal search bar. The results will pull item
             specifications from the vendor’s website. This functionality depends on
             the supplier’s ability to support ​OCI Background Search​.

8.    Do not check the D​ irect Item Update​ box,​ as it only applies to creating
      Internal Catalogs​.

9.    Click the carrot to expand the areas you would like to update for the catalog
      being created. All of the fields in these areas are not considered mandatory for
      catalog creation and can be updated at a later time. See the ​Edit a Catalog
      section for more information.

10.   Skip the A
               ​ dditional Fields​ area, as this is only relevant to ​Internal Catalogs​.

11.   *​External Catalog Definitions​*

         ●   Select the ​Communication Standard​ ​using the drop-down menu.

         ●   Select the HTTP request ​Method​ for a request-response. The options
             are P
                 ​ ost​ and ​Get​.

         ●   Look for Images in: ​Use the drop-down menu to indicate where Item
             images are located if not part of the standard OCI.

12.   *​Enter ​Punchout Requirements​*

      External Catalog Definitions should be provided by the punchout supplier. The
      credentials provided create the transactional communication or extraction of
      information between Vroozi, the supplier and any other applications you may
      use. Supplier definition requirements vary depending on whether the
      supplier uses a cXML or OCI format.




                                                                                            2
       OCI Requirements:
          1. URL
          2. Username
          3. Password
       cXML Requirements:
          1. Punchout URL (catalog location)
          2. <From> Identity ​(identifies the customers)
          3. <Shared Secret> (​ password between Vroozi & Supplier)
        A
        ​ dditional fields that may be required based on Supplier set up.
          ●   P.O. URL
          ●   <To> Domain
          ●   <To> Identity
          ●   <From> Domain (Identifies the supplier)
          ●   <Sender> Domain
          ●   <Sender> Identity
       Click the A
                 ​ dd​ button to enter additional parameters.

 13.   *​Validate Punchout​*​: C
                               ​ lick to verify the Punchout credentials successfully
       connect to the Supplier shopping site. If the parameters are incorrect, there
       will be a standard error message from the vendor’s website.

          ●   Saved cXML credentials can be viewed and or updated in either the
              Vroozi Catalog​ record or in V
                                           ​ roozi Purchase​ under ​Documents ->cxML
              Setup.

          ●

 14.   Add the catalog to a Content View.​ ​Select all the relevant C
                                                                    ​ ontent Views​ to be
       associated with this catalog by checking the box next to the N  ​ ame​.

 15.   Approvers: Select individuals responsible for catalog approval before it can be
       published ​Live​ to Shoppers. Only one of the selected Approvers needs to
       Approve the catalog before it can be moved to the Live column by an
       Administrator.

 16.   Create​ the new catalog. The catalog will now be housed in the ‘Working’
       column of the content management view.

I​MPORTANT​ N​EXT​ S​TEPS​:



                                                                                         3
●   Once the catalog has been successfully validated and created, reach out to
    the Vroozi Content team to share the details of your new punchout catalog.
    Our content team can perform the internal validation necessary to ensure
    Vroozi and the supplier system are communicating correctly. The content
    team can be reached by emailing s​ upport@vroozi.com​ with subject: ​New
    Punchout Catalog.
●   If applicable, cXML transmission for the supplier’s invoice or supplier ASN
    must be created in V​ roozi Purchase​ ->​Documents ->cxML Setup.




                                                                                  4
