               Vroozi Catalog
Content Administrator Guide
 Vroozi Catalog provides buying organizations with a powerful and simple
 web-based tool to create product and service catalogs. Functions, such as
 drag-and-drop approval processes and pre-defined templates, empower
 procurement professionals and keep the catalog management process simple.




Table of Contents
Introduction                                                                   4
  Key Terms                                                                    4
  Administrator Homepage Anatomy                                               5

My Account: Account Preferences                                                8
  User Information                                                             8
  Password Change                                                              8
  Forgot Password (for Administrators)                                         8
  Default Settings                                                             9
  My Account: Message Center                                                   9
     Accessing the Message Center                                              9

Company Settings                                                              10
  Add & Delete Images (Logo Upload & Removal)                                 10
  Mapping Configuration                                                        11
  Forms Configuration                                                         12
  System Definitions                                                          14
     Add A System                                                             14




                                                             Vroozi Catalog ​ 0
                                                                  Update 7/1/2020
      Remove a System                                              14
   Homepage Cards                                                  15
      Add an Announcement                                          15
      Add Information                                              16
      Edit Welcome Message                                         16
      Edit a Homepage Card                                         17
      Delete a Homepage Card                                       17
      Supplier Card Preferences (Icon Order)                       17
   Help Content                                                    18
      Manage FAQs                                                  18
      Manage Policies                                              18
      Manage Contact Information                                   19
      View Help Content                                            20
   Approval Workflow Preferences                                   20

Suppliers                                                          21
   Create a Supplier                                               21
   Supplier Bulk Upload                                            21
   Supplier Company List                                           22
      Search                                                       22
      Edit an Existing Supplier                                    23
      Activate, Deactivate or Delete a Supplier                    23
      Create a Custom Attribute                                    24

Content Views & Groups                                             26
   Content Views                                                   26
   Content Groups                                                  26
   Configuration                                                   27

Catalog Management                                                 27
   Catalog Manager Anatomy                                         27
      Catalog Search & Filter                                      28
      Export Catalog Content                                       28

Create an Internal Catalog                                        30
   Internal Catalog Definition                                     30
   Catalog Creation                                                30
   Internal Catalog Images                                         30
      Use Tiered Pricing                                           31



                                                  Vroozi Catalog ​ 1
                                                       Update 7/1/2020
      Policy Items (Find a Vendor)                                    32

Create a Punchout Catalog                                            34
   Catalog Creation                                                   34

Create a Level II Punchout                                            36
   Level II Catalog Definition                                        36
   Catalog Creation                                                   36

Edit a Catalog                                                        38
   Edit a Catalog (Direct Item Update)                                38
   Edit a Catalog (File Upload)                                       38
   Catalog Version Management                                         38

Approve, Reject & Publish Catalogs                                    39
   Approve a Catalog                                                  39
   Reject a Catalog                                                   39
   Publish a Catalog                                                 40
   Deactivate a Catalog                                              40
   Activate a Catalog                                                 41
   Delete a Catalog                                                   41
   Approve a Catalog Item                                             41
   Reject a Catalog Item                                              42
   Publish a Catalog Item                                             43
   Delete a Catalog Item                                              43

Custom Fields                                                        45
   Custom Field Types                                                 45
   Create a Custom Field                                              46
   Activate or Deactivate Or Delete a Custom Field                   47

Company Users                                                        48
   Create a User                                                     48
   Edit a User                                                       48
   Activate, Deactivate or Delete a User                              49
   Reset a User’s Password                                           49

Data Mapping                                                         50
   Category Mapping                                                   50
   Supplier ID Mapping                                                52
   Content Access Mapping                                             53



                                                     Vroozi Catalog ​ 2
                                                          Update 7/1/2020
Unit of Measure (UoM) Mapping                    54
Currency Mapping                                 54




                                Vroozi Catalog ​ 3
                                     Update 7/1/2020
I​NTRODUCTION
What is Vroozi Catalog?
Vroozi Catalog i​ s a web-based content management system and catalog search
engine. It allows corporate buyers and shoppers to search for products and services.
More simply, Vroozi Catalog is the first step in your e-procurement process, as this is
where you build shopper catalogs.

Customers leveraging the ​Vroozi Marketplace​ shopping experience​, products and
services are stored within the supplier catalogs and then sent to your organization’s
external system where it will convert to a Requisition. All information regarding
approvals and resulting Purchase Order(s) are stored within that external system.

Customers leveraging the Vroozi Purchase shopping experience​, products and
services are stored within the supplier catalogs. Requested items are converted into
a Requisition within Vroozi. Upon approval the Purchase Order is electronically sent
to the supplier(s). All information related to the PO is stored within Vroozi.




K​EY​ T​ERMS
During the setup process, you will configure several items in ​Catalog ​, including:

   ✓ Suppliers​: To specify basic information about the suppliers that you company
     orders from.




                                                                      Vroozi Catalog ​ 4
                                                                            Update 7/1/2020
  ✓ Catalogs​: Inventory of supplier items or services available to shoppers or
    requesters.

  ✓ Categories​: To determine how the suppliers’ product information is
    categorized and presented to shoppers in your system.
       ● Ex: Furniture, IT, Electronics, Uniforms.
  ✓ Users​: The term “user” when seen in this guide refers to the individuals
    initiating the request of items or goods process.
        ● Users within a Buying Organizations leveraging the full C   ​ atalog​ to
            Vroozi Purchase ​workflow are referred to as R
                                                         ​ equesters​.
        ● Users within a Buying Organizations utilizing C  ​ atalog​ content that is
            then sent to an ERP, are referred to as ​Shoppers.

  ✓ Content Views​: G
                    ​ rouping of catalogs and suppliers into logical sets.
      ● Ex: Region, Commodity, Division, Content groups are then assigned to
         Content Views.
      ● A single Content View can belong to multiple Content Groups.
  ✓ Content Groups​: Users assigned to a Content View(s). This assignment
    determines with catalogs and suppliers users will have access to.
       ● Content Groups may be assigned to multiple Content Views

  ✓ External ERP Systems​: To specify which external E
                                                     ​ nterprise Resource
    Planning (ERP)​ systems shoppers will use to access your ​Marketplace
    instance.

  ✓ Unique System ID​: ​ Identifies the Shopper's originating ERP system

  ✓ Unique Supplier ID:​ The unique code generated by Vroozi Catalog to identify
    the supplier within Catalog .

A​DMINISTRATOR​ H​OMEPAGE​ A​NATOMY




                                                                     Vroozi Catalog ​ 5
                                                                          Update 7/1/2020
1. Your Logo Icon​: Clicking on it brings you back to the landing page of Vroozi
   Catalog
2. Search Bar​: You are able to search across catalogs and catalog content.
3. Your Name/Account​: Your account gives you access to your personal
   Preferences​, M​ essages​, and ​Help​. This is also where you are able to and sign
   out.
4. Settings​: Allows you to configure your C   ​ ompany Settings​ for items such as
   Homepage Cards​ and images.
5. Shopper View​: Clicking on the ​Shopper View​ button will take the
   Administrator​ to the S
                         ​ hopper User Interface​ ​(UI)​. This user will be subject to
   their assigned Content Views, which determine what content they are able to
   see. Users can use this functionality to review loaded catalog content as it
   would appear to a ​Shopper​. This ​Shopper View​ is meant to be used as a
   read-only function, as users are not able to check out their S   ​ hopping Cart
   contents to an external ERP system.
6. Navigation Tabs:



                                                                    Vroozi Catalog ​ 6
                                                                          Update 7/1/2020
      ●    Vroozi Catalog​: Gives access, creation and editing rights to ​Catalog
           Management​ and C    ​ ontent Views​.
      ● Company Users​: Where all ​User Management​ activities take place, like
           user creation, activation, deactivation, and deletion.
      ● Data Mapping​: This is a module that is used to configure the ​Data
           Mapping​ for external ERP from C   ​ atalog ​. Only M
                                                               ​ aster Administrators
           have access to this area.
      ● Suppliers​: Where all S    ​ upplier Management​ activities take place like
           defining A​ ttributes​ and uploading suppliers.
7. Homepage Cards/Announcements​: There are several types of ​Homepage
   Cards​ available and must be created by the ​Master Administrator​. These
   cards provide the user with insight into various sections of ​Marketplace
8. Summary​: An overview of your company’s catalog, supplier, and user
   statistics. (​Further reporting available through Vroozi Analytics)




                                                                   Vroozi Catalog ​ 7
                                                                         Update 7/1/2020
M​Y​ A​CCOUNT​: A​CCOUNT​ P​REFERENCES
The ​My Account​ area allows you to customize your profile information, update your
password and amend your default settings all in one place.

U​SER​ I​NFORMATION
Before you get started using the system, it is recommended to set your information.
Follow the steps below to personalize your account.
 1.   Hover ​over the area that has the A ​ ccount​ drop down menu and your name.
      Select P​ references​ off the drop-down menu by clicking on it.
 2.   Fill out all the required information indicated by a red asterisk​*​. F
                                                                            ​ ax​ is optional.
 3.   Save.



P​ASSWORD​ C​HANGE
You may update your password from the account ‘Preferences’ area. Follow the
instructions below if you currently know your password or have a temporary
password and would like to change it to a new one.
  1.   Also, in ‘Preferences’, scroll​ down to the bottom of the page and expand the
       Password Change​ section by clicking on the carrot.
  2.   Input your O ​ ld Password​.
  3.   Type in your ​New Password​, then confirm the same password. Your N       ​ ew
       Password​ must be different from your O    ​ ld Password​ in order to be valid.
  4.   Save.



F​ORGOT​ P​ASSWORD​ (​FOR​ A​DMINISTRATORS​)
If you are an ​Administrator​, but not the M
                                           ​ aster Administrator​, you are able to take
care of this internally by contacting your company’s ​Master Admin​ and asking them
to reset your password for you.

As a​ Master Administrator, Marketplace d ​ oes not allow you to reset your own
password. Another M ​ aster Admin​ (on the same level) has to reset your password for
you. See the ​Reset a User’s Password​ section for step by step instructions.

If you are the only ​Master Admin​ for your organization, and you forgot your
password, S ​ ubmit a Request​ on the ​Vroozi Zendesk​ website at



                                                                          Vroozi Catalog ​ 8
                                                                                Update 7/1/2020
https://vroozi.zendesk.com​. There are instructions on how to do this in the ​Help
section.

D​EFAULT​ S​ETTINGS
Before you get started using the system, it is recommended to enter your ​Default
Settings​. Follow the steps below to update this section.
 1.   Near the top right of the screen, hover b ​ ack to ​Account​ ​and P
                                                                        ​ references​ off
      the drop-down menu by clicking on it.
 2.   Scroll down to and expand the D   ​ efault Settings​ section by clicking on the
      carrot.
 3.   Fill out all of the default information to your specifications using the
      drop-down menus. ​Note: The Records per Page area pertains to lists
      displayed throughout the system like Users, Suppliers, etc.
 4.   Save. ​You will receive a success notification.



M​Y​ A​CCOUNT​: M​ESSAGE​ C​ENTER
Vroozi Catalog h
               ​ as an internal messaging system for users to communicate with
each other that can be accessed from the M​ y Account​ drop down menu.

Accessing the Message Center
The ​Vroozi Catalog Message Center​ provides users with the ability to communicate
with other users of the application from their organization. It also serves as a central
repository of all standard system-generated notifications, like catalog approval or
publishing messages also received via email. This section shows how to view items in
the ​Message Center​.
  1.   Near the top right of the screen, hover over the area that has the ​Account
       drop down menu and your name. Select M       ​ essages​ off the drop-down menu
       by clicking on it.
  2.   Select the ​Message​ option from the drop-down menu. You will be navigated
       to the ​Message Center​.
  3.   Click on the notifications email link in the ​From​ column to view the message
       details. Just like email applications, the V
                                                  ​ roozi Catalog Message​ Center​ has
       Mark as Read​ and ​Delete​ functionalities.




                                                                         Vroozi Catalog ​ 9
                                                                               Update 7/1/2020
C​OMPANY​ S​ETTINGS
As the ​Master​ A
                ​ dministrator​, you will configure your C
                                                         ​ ompany Setting Defaults​. This
section outlines how to view and manage this information.


A​DD​ & D​ELETE​ I​MAGES​ (L​OGO​ U​PLOAD​ & R​EMOVAL​)
Master Admins​ can upload company logos so that they are visible to the community
of users. ​Near the top right of the screen, hover over the ​Settings​ area with a C
                                                                                   ​ og
Wheel​. Select ‘​ C
                  ​ ompany Settings​’​ off the drop-down menu by clicking on it.

 1.    Navigate to the middle of the screen. There is an ​Images​ section displaying
       three kinds of logos to upload i​n Vroozi Catalog​.




Company Logo​: This is your company logo that is visible to users from the home
screen. When users click on this, it will navigate them back to the landing page.
No Image Logo​: ​ P​icture associated with a
                                           ​ listed ​item w
                                                          ​ hich is not available.




                                                                       Vroozi Catalog ​ 10
                                                                              Update 7/1/2020
Find Vendor Logo​: When uploaded, this logo can be accessed from the ​Find a
Vendor Supplier Card ​on the S ​ hopper User Interface (UI)​ landing page. When
Shoppers can’t find what they need in internal catalogs, they can click on the ​Find
Vendor Widget​ in the ​Homepage​ supplier area to create ​Free Text Requests​.
  1. To add or update the logos, click the ​Add Image​ button.
  2.  Click the B
                ​ rowse​ button.
  3.  Make the image selection from a file you have saved on your computer and
      click O
            ​ pen​. (not pictured)

 4.    Scroll down to the bottom of the screen.




 5.    To delete the ​No Image​ and ​Find Vendor Logos​, simply click the red ​X​.
 6.    Save.



M​APPING​ C​ONFIGURATION

Navigate to the Mapping section of the Company Settings area. You may click inside
On or Off areas to make your selections. T​ urning these options On or Off, enables or
disables the 4 functions (listed below) within Catalog . If this option is turned Off, the
application will not execute when a Shopper checks out of their Shopping Cart to an
external ERP system.




Category Mapping​: Turning this option O   ​ n​ or ​Off​, enables or disables t​ he Category
Mapping​ function within ​Catalog ​. If this option is turned O  ​ ff​, the application will not
execute ​Category Mapping​ when a ​Shopper​ checks out of their S         ​ hopping Cart​ to an
external ERP system.
Unit of Measure​: Turning this option ​On​ or ​Off​, enables or disables the U   ​ nit of
Measure Mapping (UoM)​ function in C    ​ atalog ​. If this option is turned O ​ ff​, the



                                                                            Vroozi Catalog ​ 11
                                                                                  Update 7/1/2020
application will not execute the ​UoM Mapping​ when a ​Shopper​ checks out of their
Shopping Cart​ to an external ERP system.
Currency Mapping​: Turning this option O         ​ n​ or ​Off​, enables or disables the C
                                                                                        ​ urrency
Mapping f​ unction in C ​ atalog ​. If this option is turned ​Off​, the application will not
execute the ​Currency Mapping​ when a ​Shopper​ checks out of their S             ​ hopping Cart
to an external ERP system.
Transfer Custom Field Description​: V       ​ roozi Catalog supports​ extending the catalog
template with C ​ ustom Fields​. This ​Custom Field​ name and data can be transferred
to the external ERP system when the S         ​ hopper​ checked out of the ​Shopping Cart​.
Turning ​on​ the T​ ransfer Custom Field Description​ sends over the C         ​ ustom Field
name and data.



F​ORMS​ C​ONFIGURATION
 1.    Navigate to the ​Forms​ section of the C ​ ompany Settings​ area. You may click
       inside O
              ​ n​ or O
                      ​ ff​ areas to make your selections. In order to send data from the
       Not in Catalog​ form fields, you can map them to the NEW_ITEM-CUST_FIELD1
       through 5.




Not in Catalog​: Selecting O
                           ​ n​ allows for end users to create F
                                                               ​ ree Text Requests​,
meaning that they may place requests outside of the uploaded catalog contents.
Limit Request​: Selecting ​On​ allows for end users to use the N  ​ ot in Catalog ​form to
create ​Limit Orders​. A L
                         ​ imit Order​ is consisting of a requirement that will be
delivered over a period of time.
Free Text Identifier​: When a ​Shopper​ adds a request from the N​ ot in Catalog​ form
to their cart, the data needs to be transferred from that order to the external ERP
system upon checkout. There are certain fields that are part of a ​Free Text​ ​Request



                                                                             Vroozi Catalog ​ 12
                                                                                    Update 7/1/2020
that are not included in the standard OCI schema of catalog fields that V        ​ roozi
Catalog automatically​ recognizes. To work around this limitation, these fields are
mapped from the ​Free Text Request t​ o OCI fields that are part of ​Vroozi​ standard
catalog schema but are mostly unused. These fields are the NEW_ITEM-CUST_FIELD1
to 5. This particular field is an identifier that can be utilized within the external ERP
system to tell if the order is a F​ ree Text​ R
                                              ​ equest​ or not. This field and the ​Limit Item
Identifier ​are usually mapped to the same OCI field.
Limit Item Identifier​: When a ​Shopper​ adds a request from the N   ​ ot in Catalog​ form
to their cart, the data needs to be transferred from that order to the external ERP
system upon checkout. This particular field is an identifier that can be utilized within
the external ERP system to tell if the order is a ​Free Text​ ​Request​ or not. L
                                                                                ​ imit Item
and F​ ree Text Identifier f​ ields are usually mapped to the same OCI field. ​(see Free
Text Identifier description above for more information)
Required Date​: When creating a ​Free Text Request​ with the N      ​ ot in Catalog​ form,
Shoppers​ must provide a date that they require the product or service to be
delivered. This date is specified in the ​Date From​ field. This field’s data can be
mapped into an OCI field and sent over to the external ERP system.
Delivery Date From​: When creating a L     ​ imit Item​ request with the ​Not in Catalog
form, ​Shoppers​ must provide a date that they require the product or service to be
delivered. This date is specified in the ​Date From​ field. This field’s data can be
mapped into an OCI field and sent over to the external ERP system.




                                                                          Vroozi Catalog ​ 13
                                                                                Update 7/1/2020
S​YSTEM​ D​EFINITIONS
This section allows the M
                        ​ aster​ ​Administrator​ to configure the external ERP systems.
The user will need to provide the external system’s name and communication
method to be used—this is either OCI or cXML.

Add A System
 An organization can setup ​Vroozi Catalog to​ allow S      ​ hoppers​ to access the
 marketplace from multiple ERP systems. This area allows ​Master Administrators​ to
 configure these external ERP systems and their ​Unique Identifiers​, so that V      ​ roozi
 Catalog can​ recognize what system the S        ​ hopper​ is using to login and access the
 marketplace.
 Vroozi Catalog can​ utilize this knowledge of the shopper’s originating ERP system
 to execute custom data mapping that is different from the standard mapping (that
 the ​Master Admin​ has previously set up), upon checkout.
   1. Select​ ‘​ S
                 ​ ettings​’​ > ‘​Company Settings​’
   2. Scroll down to the ​System Definitions​ section of the C     ​ ompany Settings​ area.
   3. Expand the S     ​ ystem Definitions​ area by clicking on the carrot.




   4. Click the A
                ​ dd​ button. (not pictured)
   5. Type in the ​System Name​.
   6. Select the ​Communication Method​ from the drop-down menu—either OCI or
      cXML.
   7. Save. ​Your new system will appear in the S
                                                ​ ystem Definitions​ list.



Remove a System
This section outlines how to delete a system from ​Catalog ​. Removing a system will
stop any transfer of data from ​Vroozi Catalog to​ that particular external ERP system
for all users.




   1. Check the box next to the S
                                ​ ystem Name​ you would like to remove.



                                                                       Vroozi Catalog ​ 14
                                                                              Update 7/1/2020
   2. Click the R
                ​ emove​ button.
   3. You will receive a ​Deletion Confirmation​ pop up. Click the ​Delete​ button.



H​OMEPAGE​ C​ARDS
The ​Homepage Cards​ area of the system allows ​Master Administrators​ to create
welcome messages for their organization’s M
                                          ​ arketplace Shoppers​, and to publish
Announcements​.

Add an Announcement
This section outlines how to add an ​Announcement​ to the ​Homepage​. Unlike other
Homepage Cards​, A  ​ nnouncements​ can be dismissed by clicking the X, and there
can be more than one ​Announcement​ published at the same time.

All A
    ​ nnouncements​ are displayed for ​Administrators​; however, S
                                                                 ​ hoppers​ only see
Announcements​ that are assigned to their specific ​Content Group​.




   1. Back in ‘Company Settings’, scroll down to the ‘​Homepage Cards​’​ section of
      the C
          ​ ompany Settings​ area.
   2. Expand the H ​ omepage Cards​ area by clicking on the carrot. (not pictured)
   3. Click the A
                ​ dd Announcement​ button on the right side of the screen. You may
      need to scroll down in order to see this.
   4. Using the drop down, select the ​Content Group​ you would like to publish to.




   5. Select the ​Category Color​ that the users see using the drop-down menu.
   6. Type the ​Announcement​ in the text box. Custom font and hyperlinking are
      available.




                                                                      Vroozi Catalog ​ 15
                                                                            Update 7/1/2020
 Announcements​ will be displayed on the H​ omepage ​immediately. The user is able
 to dismiss the A
                ​ nnouncement​ after reading it.

Add Information
Information Cards c   ​ annot be dismissed by the user. Only one I​ nformation Card​ can
be published at a time.
    1. In ​Company Settings​ s​ ​croll down to the H
                                                   ​ omepage Cards​ section of the
       Company Settings​ area.
    2. Expand the H  ​ omepage Cards​ area by clicking on the carrot. (not pictured)
    3. Click the A​ dd Information​ button on the right side of the screen. You may
       need to scroll down in order to see this.
    4. Using the drop down, select the ​Content Group​ you would like to publish to.
    5. Type the ​Information​ in the text box. Custom font and hyperlinking are
       available.
    6. The ​Information​ will be displayed for users like the last picture.




Edit Welcome Message
This section outlines how to edit the W
                                      ​ elcome Message​ to the H  ​ omepage​. This
image for the S ​ hopper User Interface (UI)​ should not exceed 505 pixels by 200 pixels
(i.e. 505 x 200).
   1. Scroll down to the ​Homepage Cards​ section of the ​Company Settings​ area.
   2. Expand the H  ​ omepage Cards​ area by clicking on the carrot. (not pictured)
   3. Scroll down to the ​Shopper Welcome​ area.
   4. Select the ​Welcome Type​—either ​Text​ or I​ mage​. Only one type can be
      displayed at a time.
   5. Depending on your W     ​ elcome Type​ selection, click the E
                                                                  ​ dit Welcome Message
      button for T​ ext​, or upload a ​Welcome Image​ by clicking the ​Add​ button.




                                                                      Vroozi Catalog ​ 16
                                                                            Update 7/1/2020
Edit a Homepage Card
   1. Expand the H ​ omepage Cards​ area by clicking on the carrot.
   2. Locate the existing I​ nformation o
                                        ​ r​ Announcement​ that needs updating.
   3. Click on the text of the H​ omepage Card​ you would like to edit—do not click
      the X unless you want to delete the entire card. A pop-up window will appear.
   4. Here, the assigned ​Content Group(s)​, the C​ ategory​ color, and the text can be
      updated.
   5. Your H​ omepage Card​ has been successfully updated and will immediately
      take effect for user



Delete a Homepage Card
   1. Locate the existing I​ nformation o
                                        ​ r​ Announcement​ that needs deleting.
   2. Click the X on the right-hand side. Your ​Homepage Card​ will be deleted
      immediately and taken out of your view and user view.




Supplier Card Preferences (Icon Order)
Suppliers can be sorted by ascending and descending alphabetical order or date of
when the catalog was created. The picture below is an example of what the icons
look like on the ​Shopper View​ landing page.




   1. In ​Settings​ select ​Company Settings​ off the drop-down menu by clicking on it.
   2. Scroll down to the ​Homepage Cards​ section of the ​Company Settings​ area.
   3. Expand the H   ​ omepage Cards​ area by clicking on the carrot.
   4. Scroll down to locate the ​Supplier Card​ area immediately above ​Help Content​.
   5. Use the ​Order By​ drop down menu to make the selection of how the supplier
      icons will be viewed. The changes will take effect immediately in the S
                                                                            ​ hopper
      View​.




                                                                     Vroozi Catalog ​ 17
                                                                           Update 7/1/2020
H​ELP​ C​ONTENT
The ​Help Content​ is accessible to ​Vroozi Catalog users​ by navigating into their
Account​ area below their name. It contains F ​ AQ​, ​Policies​, and ​Contact information​.
These areas can be managed and updated from the C         ​ ompany Settings​ area by the
Master Administrator​.

Manage FAQs
Personalized company​ FAQs​ (​Frequently Asked Questions​) can be viewed by both
Administrators​ and ​Shoppers​ in the H
                                      ​ elp​ section under their A
                                                                 ​ ccount​ drop down
menu. This is not mandatory; however, the ​FAQ​ area will be blank for users if no
information is entered. This section outlines how to enter and edit the ​FAQ
information in the C
                   ​ ompany Settings.




   1. Scroll down to the ​Help Content​ section of the ​Company Settings​ area.
   2. Expand the H   ​ elp Content​ area by clicking on the carrot.
   3. Click the A ​ dd FAQ​ if the F
                                   ​ AQ​ is blank. If there is an existing F
                                                                           ​ AQ​, this button
      will read E​ dit FAQ​ instead. The same pop up box will appear for both A        ​ dd​ and
      Edit​ functions.
   4. Input your organization’s F    ​ AQ​ information using the comprehensive​ Rich Text
      Editor​ to customize content.
   5. Save​.

Manage Policies
Personalized company​ Policies​ can be viewed by both ​Administrators​ and S    ​ hoppers
in the H
       ​ elp​ section under their A
                                  ​ ccount​ drop down menu. This is not mandatory;
however, the ​Policy​ area will be blank for users if no information is entered. This
section outlines how to enter and edit the P  ​ olicy​ information in the ​Company
Settings​.




                                                                           Vroozi Catalog ​ 18
                                                                                  Update 7/1/2020
   1. Scroll down to the ​Help Content​ section of the ​Company Settings​ area.
   2. Expand the H  ​ elp Content​ area by clicking on the carrot.
   3. Click the A
                ​ dd Policies​ button if the ​Policy s​ ection is currently blank. If there is
      an existing P​ olicy​, this button will read E ​ dit Policy​ instead. The same pop up
      box will appear for both A   ​ dd​ and ​Edit​ functions.




   4. Input your organization’s P​ olicy​ information using the comprehensive​ Rich
      Text Editor​ to customize content.
   5. Click Save.​ To view your updated ​Help​ information, see V​ iewing Help Content
      section for instructions.




Manage Contact Information
Personalized company​ Contact Information​ can be viewed by both A        ​ dministrators
and S
    ​ hoppers​ in the H
                      ​ elp​ section under their A
                                                 ​ ccount​ drop down menu. This is not
mandatory, however the “​Contact Us​” area will be blank for users if no information is
entered. This section outlines how to enter and edit the P  ​ olicy​ information in the
Company Settings​.




   1. Expand the H
                 ​ elp Content​ area by clicking on the carrot.



                                                                           Vroozi Catalog ​ 19
                                                                                  Update 7/1/2020
   2. Click the A​ dd Contact Info​ button if the ​Contact Us ​section is currently blank.
      If there is existing C
                           ​ ontact Info​, this button will read ​Edit Contact Info​ instead.
      The same pop up box will appear for both ​Add​ and E      ​ dit​ functions.




   3. Input your organization’s C​ ontact Information​ using the comprehensive​ Rich
      Text Editor​ to customize content.



View Help Content
Where the ​Help Content​ is created and where it can be viewed is located in two
areas of C
         ​ atalog .​ This section describes how to view the H    ​ elp Content​ by starting
from the A ​ dministrator Homepage​.
   1. Click on the ​Help​ option on the drop-down menu. You will be navigated to the
       Help Content​.
   2. You are able to select F  ​ AQs​, P
                                        ​ olicies​ and C
                                                       ​ ontact Information​ by clicking on
       the corresponding tab.




A​PPROVAL​ W​ORKFLOW​ P​REFERENCES
Configure when the system should generate email notifications for content
Approvers​ to review and approve or reject catalog updates. These notifications are
triggered when an existing catalog is edited or updated. ​Master Admins​ can use any
combination of these settings.
If none of these are checked (enabled) then the system will not generate these email
notifications for content approvers to review changes.
    1. Select C
              ​ ompany Settings​ off the drop-down menu by clicking on it.
   2. Scroll down to the ​Approval​ W
                                    ​ orkflow​ of the ​Company Settings​ area.
   3. Expand the A​ pproval​ ​Workflow​ area by clicking on the carrot.




                                                                         Vroozi Catalog ​ 20
                                                                                Update 7/1/2020
   4. “For any change to required field in catalogs and/or quotes”​ If there is a
      change to the mandatory fields of an item that already exists in the previous
      version of the catalog, then an email notification will be sent to the assigned
      Approver​ to approve or reject this type of change if this box is checked.
   5. “For any new item added to catalog and/or quotes”​ If there is a new item
      being added to the catalog or quote, then an email notification will be sent to
      the assigned ​Approver​ to approve or reject if this box is checked.
   6. “If price changes more than X percent in catalogs and/or quotes”​ M   ​ aster
      Administrators​ can specify a percentage (%) value if the price of an existing
      item changes by more than the specified percentage value. An email
      notification will be sent to the assigned A
                                                ​ pprover​ to approve or reject if this
      box is checked.
   7. If you check the last box, you may choose to update the percentage value.
   8. Save.




S​UPPLIERS
There are multiple ways to add suppliers in s​ martOCI​—as a single supplier or as a
Bulk Upload w
            ​ ith a template.

C​REATE​ A
         ​ ​ S​UPPLIER
Please see C
           ​ reate a Supplier​ Grab & Go documentation for further details.



S​UPPLIER​ B​ULK​ U​PLOAD
Upload multiple suppliers at the same time into ​Vroozi Catalog using​ a template.
Suppliers have to be uploaded or created before ​Supplier Data Mapping​ can occur.
   1. If you don’t already have it, download the S
                                                 ​ upplier Bulk Upload Template
      from the ​Vroozi Catalog U​ pload File Templates​ section of the ​Vroozi Helpdesk
      at h​ ttps://vroozi.zendesk.com​.




                                                                     Vroozi Catalog ​ 21
                                                                           Update 7/1/2020
   2. Fill out the template with supplier information. For more ​details​ of how to
      enter data correctly, click the I​ nstructions​ tab. From this tab you will be able to
      see if s column is required (green) or optional (orange).




   3. S​ave the completed supplier template file to your computer.
   4. Log in to s​ martOCI​.
   5. Click on the ​Suppliers​ tab.
   6. In the S
             ​ upplier Management​ area, Click the ​Browse​ button and follow the
      prompts to select and open a file on your computer.




   7. If there is anything that is wrong with the template data, you will receive an
      error notification describing what needs to be fixed.

S​UPPLIER​ C​OMPANY​ L​IST
Where ​Master​ A
               ​ dministrators​ can search and manage suppliers in ​Catalog ​.

Search
   1. Click on the ​Suppliers​ tab​ and n​avigate to the S
                                                         ​ upplier Company List​ area.
   2. Type in the name or partial name of the supplier, or the U   ​ nique Supplier ID​,
      then click the S ​ earch​ magnifying glass icon.
   3. You may filter by using the ​Type​ drop down menu. ​Type​ filter options include
      All​, ​Catalog Suppliers​, and N
                                     ​ on-Catalog Suppliers.
   4. To see the supplier details, click on the linked ​Company Name​.
   5. The search area can be cleared by clicking on the Reset button.




                                                                       Vroozi Catalog ​ 22
                                                                               Update 7/1/2020
Edit an Existing Supplier
  1. Navigate to the ​Supplier Company List​ area.
  2. Search for the supplier you would like to edit.
  3. Click on the linked C
                         ​ ompany Name​ that you would like to edit.
  4. Make any necessary changes to the supplier details. The image below has
     been condensed to only show the header level of each editable category.
  5. Save.




Activate, Deactivate or Delete a Supplier
  1. Navigate to the ​Supplier Company List​ area.
  2. Search for the supplier you would like to ​Activate​, D     ​ eactivate ​or​ ​ Delete​.
  3. Check the box next to the C      ​ ompany Name(s)​. More than one supplier can be
     Activate​, ​Deactivate o  ​ r​ Delete​.​at the same time.
  4. Click the A​ ctivate​, D
                            ​ eactivate ​or​ Delete​.​ b
                                                       ​ utton. Your changes will be saved.




                                                                        Vroozi Catalog ​ 23
                                                                                Update 7/1/2020
A pop up will appear with a ​Deletion Confirmation​. Click the D
                                                               ​ elete​ button. The
supplier will be deleted from the ​Supplier Company List​ and for all users.



Create a Custom Attribute
Items with certain ​Company Attributes​, like a “​Green​” or “​Minority Owned​” can be
ranked higher or lower in the search results for S  ​ hoppers​ and can be demarcated by
different attribute icons. This section shows how to create a ​Custom Company
Attribute​. There is a set of default ​Company Attributes​, but A  ​ dministrators​ are able
to make up their own C   ​ ustom Attributes​ in addition to the default list.
    1. From the S  ​ upplier Attributes Management​ page, click ‘​ ​Add Attribute​’.
    2. Enter an A​ ttribute Name​ into the text box. This field is required.
    3. Type in an ​Attribute Description​. This is optional.
    4. Click the A​ dd​ button to upload a L​ ogo File​. ​Vroozi Catalog will​ automatically
       resize the ​Logo File​. Follow the prompts to browse for a file and open it. This is
       optional but recommended.
    5. Click Save.​ The newly created ​Attribute​ will be available to be checked and
       weighted for all ​Company Suppliers​.




                                                                        Vroozi Catalog ​ 24
                                                                               Update 7/1/2020
Activate or Deactivate a Custom Attribute
   1. From the S ​ upplier Attributes a ​ rea, use the check ​boxes​ to select the A
                                                                                   ​ ttribute
      Name(s)​. More than one A   ​ ttribute​ can be selected at a time.
   2. Click the A
                ​ ctivate​ or D
                              ​ eactivate​ button.
   3. A yellow notification will flash across the top as a reminder to republish the
      associated catalogs for the changes to take effect. (not pictured)

Delete a Custom Attribute
This section shows how to delete an existing ​Custom Company Attribute​. Default
Attributes​ that are already available in ​Vroozi Catalog cannot​ be deleted, only
Custom Attributes​ that a ​Master​ ​Administrator​ creates can be deleted.

An alternative to deleting, is to D ​ eactivate​ the ​Custom Attribute​. Deactivating also
hides the ​Attribute​ from the S ​ hopper​, but unlike deleting, the deactivated ​Attribute
can be made A  ​ ctive​ again. See the ​Activate or Deactivate a Custom Attribute
section for more information.
   1. From the S   ​ upplier Attributes a ​ rea, use the check box to select the ​Custom
       Company​ A    ​ ttribute Name(s) t​ o be deleted. More than one ​Attribute​ can be
       selected at a time.
   2. Click the D ​ elete​ button.
   3. A ​Deletion Confirmation​ will appear. Click the ​Delete​ button to continue.




                                                                         Vroozi Catalog ​ 25
                                                                                Update 7/1/2020
C​ONTENT​ V​IEWS​ & G​ROUPS
C​ONTENT​ V​IEWS
Grouping of suppliers and supplier catalogs into logical sets. All types of supplier
catalogs can be included.
          ● Region                                        ● Division
          ● Commodity                                     ● Groups of users

A single Content View can belong to multiple Content Groups.

C​ONTENT​ G​ROUPS
Used to determine which Content Views and catalogs a Shopper will have access to
when logging in.
    ●   Users are assigned to Content Groups in the Vroozi Purchase module in
        Master Data > Users​.
The diagram below shows an example of how ​Shoppers​ are associated with
different C
          ​ ontent Views​ and G
                              ​ roups​.




                                                                     Vroozi Catalog ​ 26
                                                                            Update 7/1/2020
C​ONFIGURATION
See t​ raining materials​ on Content Group & View management for details on how to
add, delete or edit Views/Groups.




C​ATALOG​ M​ANAGEMENT
The ​Vroozi Catalog Manager​ provides an interface with a three-column layout that
Administrators​ can search and filter catalogs of all statuses.




C​ATALOG​ M​ANAGER​ A​NATOMY
   1. Content Manager Tab​: How to navigate to the ​Catalog
   2. Create​: This button is located both at the top and bottom of the screen. Click
      on it and a window appears with a C     ​ atalog Creation​ page.
   3. Custom Fields​: This button is located both at the top and bottom of the
      screen. Clicking on it navigates the user to the ​Custom Field​s M   ​ anagement
      page.
   4. Refresh​: The R​ efresh​ button refreshes the screen and reflects any new
      changes by​ t​ he user.
   5. Search Within​: This S ​ earch​ bar allows searching across ​Working​, ​Approved​,
      and ​Live​ catalogs. Use it in combination with the F ​ ilter Options​ for a more
      specific search.
   6. Filter Options​: Users are able to filter company catalogs by S   ​ upplier Name
      and ​Catalog Type​. C​ atalog Types​ include ​Internal​ and ​External Catalogs a ​ nd
      Quotes​.



                                                                       Vroozi Catalog ​ 27
                                                                              Update 7/1/2020
   7. Working Column​: These are catalogs that have been uploaded or updated.
      The ​Working Column​, unlike the A ​ pproved​ or L
                                                       ​ ive Columns​, allows
      Administrators​ to edit catalog content. They will not be visible to V​ roozi
      Catalog S​ hoppers​ until they are approved, then published to the ​Live
      Column​.
   8. Approved Column​: These are catalogs that have already been approved by
      the designated approvers for that catalog. However, they will still not be
      available to M
                   ​ arketplace ​Shoppers​ until they are published to the L  ​ ive
      Column​.
   9. Live Column​: These are catalogs that have both approved and published.
      They are available to use and view by ​Marketplace Shoppers​.



 Catalog Search & Filter
   1. Click the carrot next to the filter selection to expand either the S  ​ upplier
      Name​ or ​Catalog Type​ area. Only one of these areas can be expanded at the
      same time but are able to filter results simultaneously if selections are made
      in both.
   2. Use the check boxes to make the filter selections.
   3. To clear all F
                   ​ ilter Options​ and search terms, click the R
                                                                ​ eset​ button. This will
      repopulate all catalogs that were previously excluded from view.




  TIP!​ ​When navigating away from the Catalog Management page, the search
  and filter functions will automatically reset, and the view of all catalogs will be
  restored.




Export Catalog Content
At any time, uploaded catalog items can be exported from the C ​ atalog
Management​ screen into a CSV file.
   1. Within the C​ o​ntent Manager​ tab and select C
                                                    ​ atalog Management​.



                                                                      Vroozi Catalog ​ 28
                                                                             Update 7/1/2020
2. F​ind the catalog you would like to export. (​Working, Approved or Live)
3. Hover over the catalog. Then, click the ​Cog Wheel​ icon and select the E
                                                                           ​ xport
   option.




4. A notification will flash at the top of the screen to let you know ​the e
                                                                           ​ xport is
   in progress
5. An email will be sent to from ​notifications@vroozi.com​. Open the email and
   click the ​Download File​ link. Alternatively, you can copy and paste the URL
   into your browser to begin the download.
6. Open the downloaded file to view and save it.




                                                                   Vroozi Catalog ​ 29
                                                                          Update 7/1/2020
C​REATE​ A
         ​ N​ I​NTERNAL​ C​ATALOG
Administrators a   ​ re able to create​ ​different types of catalogs with V
                                                                          ​ roozi Catalog​,
including ​Internal Catalogs​, E  ​ xternal Catalogs​, and ​Level 2 Punchout Catalogs​.
Specific configurations may be used for ​Internal Catalogs​, like ​Tiered Pricing​ and
Policy Items​ (​ Find a Vendor)​ functionality.

I​NTERNAL​ C​ATALOG​ D​EFINITION
Where ​Shoppers​ can search across a pre-loaded, pre-approved list of items within
the ​Marketplace ​application.

C​ATALOG​ C​REATION
Catalogs can be assigned to the C
                                ​ ontent View​ at the time of creation. ​Vroozi
Catalog Manager​ supports catalogs formatted with .XLSX (Excel) and .CSV files.
The Vroozi provided Internal Catalog template can be accessed ​here​.

Required Internal Catalog Fields​: When uploading an I​ nternal Catalog​ file, certain
fields are mandatory. These ​Required Fields​ are:
    1. #Item Number
    2. NEW_ITEM-DESCRIPTION o    ​ r​ NEW_ITEM-MATNR
    3. NEW_ITEM-VENDORMATE
    4. NEW_ITEM-PRICE
    5. NEW_ITEM-CURRENCY
    6. NEW_ITEM-UOM
    7. NEW_ITEM-MATGROUP


See Internal Catalog training materials for further details on I​ nternal Catalog
creation.



I​NTERNAL​ C​ATALOG​ I​MAGES
There are two ways to attach images.

By entering urls in the image column of the Internal Catalog Template.




                                                                         Vroozi Catalog ​ 30
                                                                                 Update 7/1/2020
By entering the name of the image in the image column and uploading a .zip folder
of images along with the sheet. The image names must match the names listed in
the Image Column. The system then automatically picks the image from the zipped
folder which is mapped against the item. Please see the screenshots below for
better understanding.

 1.      To upload a .ZIP (zipped) ​Image File​, click the B
                                                           ​ rowse​ button and follow the
         prompts to select and open an image to associate with the new catalog.
 2.      Type in the ​Supplier Company​ (vendor) name in the text field.
 3.      Do not check the E ​ xternal Catalog ​(Punchout Catalog)​ check box. See the
         Create a Punchout Catalog ​section if you are creating a P   ​ unchout Catalog​.




Use Tiered Pricing
Tiered Pricing ​is a way to encourage ​Shoppers​ to buy larger quantities of a product
by applying discounts based on the quantity ordered. These discounts may be
“tiered” so that they increase as the order amount is raised.
Administrators​ are able to define different tiers of price against each item in order
to give discounts on high volume purchases within ​Internal Catalogs​. T     ​ iered Pricing
can either be defined through an Excel spreadsheet or through the D      ​ irect Item
Update​ function within an individual line item. For more information, see the ​Edit a
Catalog Item​ section.
When entering information into the S   ​ upplier Catalog​ template, there is a column
called ITEM-TIERED_PRICING. Fill in the data for T  ​ iered Pricing​ items. For items that
do not have ​Tiered Pricing​, the NEW_ITEM-PRICE column must be filled out
instead—one or the other needs to be populated with data, but not both. ​Tiered
Pricing​ also cannot be applied on B​ undle​ and Q​ uote​, meaning that the ​Tiered
Pricing​ discount cannot be used in combination with a “bundle” discount.
The ITEM-TIERED_PRICING field must be filled out in a specific way. Use the tips and
example below to enter the data correctly.




 In this example, the first 50 of the items purchased are $49.99, and 51 or more of
 the items will cost $45.99.

      1. Brackets​: Values entered in the square brackets [] indicate the quantity,
         whereas the values entered before the brackets indicate the price of the




                                                                        Vroozi Catalog ​ 31
                                                                              Update 7/1/2020
       quantity. Depending on the quantity entered by the ​Shopper​, the respective
       price will be reflected in the S
                                      ​ hopping Cart​.
   2. Semicolons​ (;)​: A closing ​semicolon​; is required after each closed bracket
      containing the quantity.
   3. Plus, Sign (+)​: The plus sign + after the largest listed quantity indicates that
      this is the lowest tiered price and any additional volume will not result in a
      lower price.


Policy Items (Find a Vendor)
By marking the P​ olicy Item​ field in the catalog template, S
                                                             ​ hoppers​ are able to
quickly look up the A​ pproved Vendor Item List​ on the ​Homepage​ using the F    ​ ind a
Vendor​ widget.




 When uploading the catalog template, make sure to populate the following fields
 to utilize the ​Policy Item​ A
                              ​ pproved Vendor List. T
                                                     ​ hese columns, although they are
 associated, may not be next to each other on the template.




   1. NEW_ITEM-DESCRIPTION: ​A short description of the item requested.
   2. NEW_ITEM-LONGTEXT: A
                         ​ long, detailed description of the item requested.
   3. NEW_ITEM-MATGROUP: T     ​ o ensure proper categorization of the ​Policy Item​,
      you must input your desired ​Product Category​ code in the
      NEW_ITEM-MATGROUP field. This will allow Shoppers to also browse this




                                                                      Vroozi Catalog ​ 32
                                                                             Update 7/1/2020
   Policy Item​ from the ​Category Tree​ represented on the left side of the
   Shopper Homepage​.
4. NEW_ITEM-VENDOR: ​This field must contain the V     ​ roozi Unique Supplier ID
   that is associated to the supplier records in your account to ensure the items
   are properly associated with the desired vendor
5. ITEM-POLICY: ​When filling out the catalog template, put an “X” in the P     ​ olicy
   Item​ column if you would like the ​Shoppers​ to browse this vendor using the
   Approved Vendor List​ widget. If there is a blank lift in the P
                                                                 ​ olicy Item​ column,
   the item will not be considered a ​Policy Item​ and won’t be visible when the
   Shopper​ clicks on the ​Vendor List​.




                                                                   Vroozi Catalog ​ 33
                                                                          Update 7/1/2020
C​REATE​ A
         ​ ​ P​UNCHOUT​ C​ATALOG
To use ​Punchouts​, S
                    ​ hoppers​ click on the supplier card and are redirected to the
vendor website. Once items are placed into the cart, S  ​ hoppers​ check out of the
vendor website and the items are transferred into the M   ​ arketplace c
                                                                       ​ art.

All content and pricing is hosted and therefore managed by the supplier.



C​ATALOG​ C​REATION
   1. S​elect C
              ​ atalog Management​.
   2. Click the C​ reate​ button near the top right of the C        ​ atalog Management
      screen.
   3. Select the ​Catalog​ option from the drop down. A C             ​ reate Catalog​ window will
      appear.
   4. Enter the ​Catalog Name​. This is a required field.
   5. Because this is a P ​ unchout Catalog​, there is no need to add a C          ​ atalog File​ or
      Image File​.
   6. Type in the ​Supplier Company​ (vendor) name in the text field.
   7. When creating a P    ​ unchout Catalog​, it is mandatory to check the ​External
      Catalog b ​ ox.
   8. After checking the ​External Catalog​ box, an option appears to allow a search.
      (not pictured) Selecting S     ​ earch Allowed
   ● Search Allowed: A      ​ llows S ​ hoppers​ t​ o​ search for P
                                                                  ​ unchout​ items using the
      Marketplace s​ earch bar and the results will be pulled in from the vendor’s
      website. This functionality depends on whether the vendor supports ​OCI
      Background Search​.
   9. Do not check the D     ​ irect Item Update​ box,​ as it only applies to creating
      Internal Catalogs​.




                                                                             Vroozi Catalog ​ 34
                                                                                      Update 7/1/2020
10. Click the carrot to expand the areas you would like to update for the catalog
    being created. All of the fields in these areas are not considered mandatory
    for catalog creation and can be updated at a later time. See the E       ​ dit a
    Catalog​ section for more information.
11. Skip the A ​ dditional Fields​ area, as this is only relevant to ​Internal Catalogs​.
12. Expand the E     ​ xternal Catalog Definitions​ area.
13. Select the ​Standard Communication Method ​using the drop-down menu.
    This is either OCI or CXML.
14. Select the HTTP request ​Method​ for a request-response. The options are P        ​ ost
    and ​Get​.
15. Look for Images in: ​Use the drop-down menu to indicate where to Item
    images are not part of the standard OCI. Make this selection if the vendor
    may send over images have been uploaded.
16. Click the A ​ dd​ button to specify at least one ​Punchout​ parameter (i.e. a URL).
    Vroozi Catalog ​uses these parameters to construct the P       ​ unchout​ web service
    request. The number of parameters needed depends on the vendor
    authentication requirements for ​Shoppers​ to use their website.
17. Click the V  ​ alidate​ ​Punchout​ button to validate the parameters entered. This
    verifies the P  ​ unchout​ is working correctly. If the parameters are incorrect,
    there will be a standard error message from the vendor’s website. (not
    pictured/variable)




18. After expanding the C   ​ ontent Views​ area, select all the relevant C ​ ontent Views
    to be associated with this catalog by checking the box next to the ​Name​.
19. After expanding the A    ​ pprovers​ area, select the people that have approval
    rights for this catalog before it can be published L   ​ ive​ to S
                                                                     ​ hoppers​. Only one of
    the selected A  ​ pprovers​ needs to ​Approve ​the catalog before it can be moved
    to the ​Live​ column by an ​Administrator.
20. Click the C ​ reate​ button at the very bottom right of the page to create the
    new catalog in the system. No changes will be saved until the ​Create​ button
    is clicked.




                                                                       Vroozi Catalog ​ 35
                                                                              Update 7/1/2020
C​REATE​ A
         ​ ​ L​EVEL​ II P​UNCHOUT
L​EVEL​ II C​ATALOG​ D​EFINITION
A ​Level II Punchout​ has both an uploaded ​Internal Catalog​ for the vendor within
the application, a
                 ​ nd​ an external P
                                   ​ unchout Catalog​. S
                                                       ​ hoppers​ given access to this
type of catalog will be able to use both methods of shopping in tandem to find
items for the vendor.

C​ATALOG​ C​REATION
   1. Create a Catalog
   2. Enter the ​Catalog Name​. This is a required field.
   3. Click the B​ rowse​ button next to C ​ atalog File​ area and follow the prompts to
      select and open the saved catalog template. See the T       ​ IPS!​ below for fields
      relevant to L ​ evel II Punchouts​. For additional details about where to find and
      fill out the catalog template, see the C  ​ reate an Internal Catalog​ section.


     TIP!​ There is a Configurable Item Flag column in the catalog template
     (ITEM-CONFIG). When marking this field with an X, an Order from Supplier
     button will be visible for Shoppers instead of the typical Add to Cart button.
     What the Order from Supplier button does is punches the Shopper out to the
     Vendor’s website to see the most up to date pricing information for that
     particular item. An example of when this is useful is when the item price
     changes often and a static price uploaded in the catalog wouldn’t be
     accurate.



     TIP!​ A
           ​ ny mandatory Custom Fields listed in the template that have to do
     with Configurable items, like size or color selections, will result in having a
     Configurable Item button available to Shoppers. This button allows the
     Shopper to make choices before adding the item into the cart. This is
     different from the Configurable Item Flag mentioned above, even though
     both include the term “configurable,” different columns are used.




                                                                      Vroozi Catalog ​ 36
                                                                              Update 7/1/2020
4. To upload .ZIP (zipped) ​Image File​, click the B      ​ rowse​ button and follow the
    prompts to select and open an image to associate with the new catalog.
5. Type in the ​Supplier Company​ (vendor) name in the text field.
6. When creating a P        ​ unchout Catalog​, it is mandatory to check the ​External
    Catalog b  ​ ox.
7. Expand the E       ​ xternal Catalog Definitions​ area.
8. Select the ​Standard Communication Method ​using the drop-down menu.
    This is either OCI or CXML.
9. Select the HTTP request ​Method​ for a request-response. The options are P              ​ ost
    and ​Get​.
10. Use the drop-down menu to indicate where to ​Look for Images​. Item images
    are not part of the standard OCI. Make this selection if the vendor may send
    over images have been uploaded.
11. Click the A ​ dd​ button to specify at least one ​Punchout​ parameter (i.e. a URL).
    Vroozi Catalog uses​ these parameters to construct the P            ​ unchout​ web service
    request. The number of parameters needed depends on the vendor
    authentication requirements for ​Shoppers​ to use their website.
12. Click the V  ​ alidate​ ​Punchout​ button to validate the parameters entered. This
    verifies the P   ​ unchout​ is working correctly. If the parameters are incorrect,
    there will be a standard error message from the vendor’s website. (not
    pictured/variable)
13. After expanding the C      ​ ontent Views​ area, select all the relevant C  ​ ontent Views
    to be associated with this catalog by checking the box next to the ​Name​.
14. After expanding the A       ​ pprovers​ area, select the people that have approval
    rights for this catalog before it can be published L       ​ ive​ to S
                                                                         ​ hoppers​. Only one of
    the selected A      ​ pprovers​ needs to ​Approve ​the catalog before it can be moved
    to the ​Live​ column by an ​Administrator​.
15. Click the C   ​ reate​ button at the very bottom right of the page to create the
    new catalog in the system. No changes will be saved until the ​Create​ button
    is clicked.




                                                                         Vroozi Catalog ​ 37
                                                                                 Update 7/1/2020
E​DIT​ ​A​ C​ATALOG
Existing catalogs and items can be edited in ​Vroozi Catalog ​while listed in the
Working c ​ olumn. When catalog changes are made, there is also a catalog version
functionality to keep track of the updates.

E​DIT​ ​A​ C​ATALOG​ (D​IRECT​ I​TEM​ U​PDATE​)
Catalogs can be edited in two ways in ​Vroozi Catalog. B   ​ y selecting D
                                                                         ​ irect Item
Update​, ​Admins​ are able to edit the catalog items directly from the U   ​ ser Interface
by duplicating an already ​Approved​ or L​ ive​ catalog into the W​ orking​ column to
make amendments. Alternatively, catalogs can be edited by uploading an Excel file.
See the ​Edit a Catalog (File Upload)​ section for instructions.

See D
    ​ irect Item Update​ materials for further details.

E​DIT​ ​A​ C​ATALOG​ (F​ILE​ U​PLOAD​)
Uploading the catalog template is the only way to add n
                                                      ​ ew​ items to an existing
catalog.

See F
    ​ ile Upload​ materials for further details.



C​ATALOG​ V​ERSION​ M​ANAGEMENT
Vroozi Catalog a  ​ utomatically stores new catalog version information. Any catalogs
that are in the ​Approved​ or L
                              ​ ive​ columns are locked in read-only mode. A new
version of the catalog is created whenever the ​Administrator​ edits the catalog
details (i.e. item price).
Unlike editing catalog details, changing the catalog header level information does
not create a new version of the catalog. Below is a list of what is considered header
data that doesn’t create a new catalog version:

   ●   Catalog Name
   ●   Catalog ID
   ●   Start Date
   ●   End Date
   ●   External Catalog Definition




                                                                      Vroozi Catalog ​ 38
                                                                             Update 7/1/2020
New catalog versions when ​Approved​ or P
                                        ​ ublished​ as ​Live​, replace the original
catalog. There can only be one new version of an existing catalog in the system at
any given time.

   1. S​elect C
              ​ atalog Management​.
   2. If needed, use the S
                         ​ earch Within​ and/or ​Filter​ functions to find the desired
      catalog(s).
   3. Click on the carrot(s) next to the catalog name to reveal the summary
      information.
   4. You will be able to view the ​Version Number​ in addition to other creation
      data.


A​PPROVE​, R​EJECT​ & P​UBLISH​ C​ATALOGS
A​PPROVE​ ​A​ C​ATALOG
Vroozi Catalog h ​ as “drag and drop” functionality for designated users to approve
catalogs. This section shows how to approve a newly edited or uploaded catalog.
Administrators a  ​ nd​ Approvers​ of a catalog will be notified via email when there is a
pending catalog awaiting approval. After approval, a notification is sent out to
Administrators​ and the other ​Approvers​ assigned to that particular catalog. Only
one ​Approver​ needs to approve in order for the catalog to have an ​Approved​ status.
   1. S​elect C
              ​ atalog Management​.
   2. Find the catalog in the ​Working​ column you would like to ​Approve​. You may
       choose to use the S  ​ earch Within​ or F
                                               ​ ilter​ functions to find it.
   3. If needed, review the catalog details. (not pictured)
   4. Drag and drop the catalog from the W       ​ orking​ column to the A    ​ pproved
       column.
   5. An A​ pprove Confirmation​ message will appear. Click the ​Approve​ button. The
       catalog will now appear in the ​Approved​ column.



R​EJECT​ ​A​ C​ATALOG
Administrators a ​ nd​ Approvers​ of a catalog will be notified via email when there is a
pending catalog awaiting their approval. If rejected, the catalog will be listed in the
Working​ column with a ​Rejected​ status. This section outlines how to reject a
catalog that is pending approval in the ​Working​ column.
Approvers​ and ​Administrators​ are also able to reject catalogs that are in the
Approved​ column by dragging and dropping them back into the ​Working​ column.



                                                                      Vroozi Catalog ​ 39
                                                                             Update 7/1/2020
   1. S​elect C
              ​ atalog Management​.
   2. Find the catalog in the ​Working​ column. You may choose to use the ​Search
      Within​ or F​ ilter​ functions to find it.
   3. If needed, review the catalog details. (not pictured)
   4. Hover over the catalog to reveal the C     ​ og Wheel​. Then, click the ​Reject​ option
      from the drop-down menu.




   5. A ​Reject Confirmation​ message will appear. Click the ​Reject​ button.



P​UBLISH​ ​A​ C​ATALOG
Approvers a​ nd​ Administrators​ will be notified via email when a catalog is A  ​ pproved
and is waiting to be published.
   1. S​elect C
              ​ atalog Management​.
   2. Find the catalog in the ​Approved​ or column. You may choose to use the
       Search Within​ or ​Filter​ functions to find it.
   3. Drag and drop the catalog from the A      ​ pproved​ column to the ​Live​ column.
   4. A ​Publish Confirmation​ message will appear. Click the ​Publish​ button. The
       catalog will now appear in the ​Live​ column. An email will be sent notifying
       Approvers​ and ​Administrators​ that the catalog has been published.


 TIP!​ ​If the same catalog has been published previously, the newly published
 version will replace the old version in the Live column.



D​EACTIVATE​ ​A​ C​ATALOG
   1. Find the catalog you would like to D
                                         ​ eactivate​ in the L ​ ive​ column. You may
      choose to use the S
                        ​ earch Within​ or F
                                           ​ ilter​ functions to find it.




                                                                        Vroozi Catalog ​ 40
                                                                                Update 7/1/2020
   2. Hover over the catalog and click on the C
                                              ​ og Wheel.​ Then, select the
      Deactivate​ option from the drop-down menu.




   3. A ​Deactivate Confirmation​ will appear. Click the D
                                                         ​ eactivate​ button.
   4. The catalog will remain in the L
                                     ​ ive​ column, now with an O​ ffline​ (deactivated)
      status.

A​CTIVATE​ A
           ​ ​ C​ATALOG
   1. Find the catalog you would like to A​ ctivate​.
                       ● Deactivated catalogs will have an O       ​ ffline​ status. You may
              choose to use the S
                                ​ earch Within​ or F​ ilter​ functions to find it.
   2. Hover over the catalog and click on the C  ​ og Wheel.​ Then, select the A     ​ ctivate
      option from the drop-down menu.
   3. A​n A
          ​ ctivate Confirmation​ will appear. Click the A ​ ctivate​ button. The catalog
      will be activated and remain in the ​Live​ column.


D​ELETE​ ​A​ C​ATALOG
An alternative to deleting, is to D
                                  ​ eactivate​ the catalog. Deactivating also hides the
catalog from the ​Shopper’s v ​ iew, but unlike deleting, an ​Inactive​ supplier can be
made ​Active​ again. See the ​Deactivate a Catalog​ section for more information.

   1. Find the catalog you would like to D      ​ elete​. You may choose to use the ​Search
      Within​ or F
                 ​ ilter​ functions to find it.
   2. Click on the ​Cog Wheel.​ Then, select the D     ​ elete​ option from the drop-down
      menu. (​ shown above)
   3. A ​Deletion Confirmation​ will appear. Click the ​Delete​ button. The catalog will
      be removed.

A​PPROVE​ ​A​ C​ATALOG​ I​TEM




                                                                          Vroozi Catalog ​ 41
                                                                                 Update 7/1/2020
Administrators a ​ nd​ Approvers​ of a catalog will be notified via email when there are
pending catalog items awaiting approval. This section describes how to approve
items within a catalog.
   1. In the W
             ​ orking​ column, click on the C   ​ atalog​ N​ ame​ link of the catalog with
      items you would like to approve. You may need to use the S          ​ earch Within
      and/or F​ ilter​ functions to find the catalog.
   2. You will be navigated to the C    ​ atalog Item ​screen with a list of catalog items.
   3. Updated items will have a ​Pending Approval Status​.
   4. If needed, click on the item D   ​ escription​ link to see the ​Item Details​ screen.
      (not pictured)
   5. Select the items to approve by using the c       ​ heckbox​ in grey next to the
      Description​.
   6. Click the A ​ pprove​ button. The items will be approved.




R​EJECT​ ​A​ C​ATALOG​ I​TEM
Approvers​ and ​Administrators​ will be notified via email when there are pending
catalog items awaiting their approval.
   1. In the W
             ​ orking​ column, click on the C   ​ atalog​ N
                                                          ​ ame​ link of the catalog with
      items you would like to approve or reject. You may need to use the S         ​ earch
      Within​ and/or F​ ilter​ functions to find the catalog.
   2. You will be navigated to the C   ​ atalog Item ​screen with a list of catalog items.
   3. Updated items will have a ​Pending Approval Status​.
   4. If needed, click on the item D  ​ escription​ link to see the ​Item Details​ screen.
      (not pictured)
   5. Select the items to reject by using the ​checkbox​ in grey next to the
      Description​.
   6. Click the R
                ​ eject​ button. The items will be rejected, and the catalog will
      remain in the W​ orking​ column with a ​Partially Rejected​ or Pa​rtially Approved
      status.




                                                                       Vroozi Catalog ​ 42
                                                                               Update 7/1/2020
P​UBLISH​ ​A​ C​ATALOG​ I​TEM
 Administrators a  ​ nd​ Approvers​ of a catalog will be notified via email when there
 are pending catalog items awaiting approval. This section shows how ​Admins​ can
 publish only selected catalog items within the catalog, without publishing the
 entire catalog item list.
   1. Select​ C
              ​ atalog Management​.
   2. Find the name of the catalog containing the items you would like to publish.
      You may need to use the ​Search Within​ and/or F       ​ ilter​ functions to find the
      catalog.
   3. Click on the ​Catalog​ N  ​ ame​ containing items you would like to publish in the
      Approved​ or L  ​ ive​ column. You will be navigated to the C     ​ atalog Item s​ creen
      with a list of catalog items. See the T  ​ IP!​ below for additional information.


  TIP! ​If the unpublished items are in the Approved column, it will have an
  Unpublished status. If some but not all the catalog items are already Live (and
  visible to Shoppers), the catalog will be in the Live column with a Partially
  Published status.


   4. Find the item(s) you would like to publish. You may choose to use the S        ​ earch
      Within​ function, or page through the catalog list.
   5. Check the box next to the item’s D    ​ escriptions​ to select them.
   6. Click the P ​ ublish​ button. The item’s statuses will change from A   ​ pproved​ to
      Published​. An email notifying A   ​ dmins​ and A​ pprovers​ will be sent notifying
      them of the newly published items.
   7. Click the B  ​ ack​ button in the navigation bar on the left to return to the
      Catalog Management s​ creen. (not pictured)
   8. The catalog will be in the ​Live​ column with a P   ​ artially Published​ status. Until
      all​ the items in the catalog are published, it will continue to be labeled as
      Partially​ Published​.

D​ELETE​ ​A​ C​ATALOG​ I​TEM
Administrators c​ an delete individual line items while the catalog is in the​ Working
column in​ Catalog . The catalog must have Direct Item Update checked. ​See the
Edit a Catalog (Direct Item Update) ​section for more information.




                                                                         Vroozi Catalog ​ 43
                                                                                 Update 7/1/2020
Vroozi Catalog does​ not allow individual items to be added directly from the ​User
Interface (UI)​. To add items, the catalog template must be updated with the
changes and uploaded. See the ​Edit a Catalog (File Upload) ​section for
instructions on how to do this.
  1. Select C
            ​ atalog Management​.
  2. Click on the ​Catalog​ N ​ ame​ link in the ​Working​ column. ​The catalog ​must​ be
     in the Working column for an item to be deleted.
  3. Find the items you would like to delete. You may use the search function to
     do this.
  4. Check the box next to item(s) you would like to delete.
  5. Click the D ​ elete​ button.
  6. A ​Deletion Confirmation​ window will appear. Click the D   ​ elete​ button. The
     item will be removed from the catalog.




                                                                     Vroozi Catalog ​ 44
                                                                            Update 7/1/2020
C​USTOM​ F​IELDS
In ​Vroozi Catalog​, A
                     ​ dministrators​ have the option of defining custom
characteristics for the vendor catalog and/or line items within a catalog called
Custom Fields​.




   1. Select ‘Create Custom Field’
      ● Attach to specific catalogs
   2. Sort Custom Fields View
   3. Search by keyword or click name to view
   4. Check the box next to the name then Delete, Activate or Deactivate selected
       Views or Groups.

C​USTOM​ F​IELD​ T​YPES
Custom Fields​ allow A​ dministrators​ to tailor catalog and line item characteristics for
system users. These fields are able to be created and managed by amending and
uploading the catalog template in the system. This section defines the different
types of customizable fields.
There are four types of ​Custom Fields​ available in ​Catalog ​: I​ nput Field​, F
                                                                                 ​ ixed Value​,
and L
    ​ ist/Drop Down​.




                                                                         Vroozi Catalog ​ 45
                                                                                 Update 7/1/2020
6. Input Field (Text)​: The ​Input Field​ data type is an editable area that is
   available on the item detail screen for the ​Shopper​. This free text area may be
   used by the S ​ hopper​ to add comments to the item before adding it to the
   cart. An example of this is shipping information. There are three font sizes of
   Input Fields​—small, medium, and large. In order to associate these fields with
   an item in the catalog, enter an “X” in the item’s input type custom field cell.
                 i.  Input Field—Field Declaration: TEXT
                ii.  Input Medium Field—Field Declaration: MEDIUMTEXT
               iii.  Input Field Large—Field Declaration: LARGETEXT
7. Fixed Value​: The ​Fixed Value​ appears as a label on the item details screen.
   This field may contain any information that the supplier or purchasing
   company would like to display other than the default catalog fields. This is a
   fixed body of text and can be used for things like address information.
8. List/Drop Down​: The ​List​ or D ​ rop-Down​ field allows the Shopper to select
   from a list of options, like size or color choices. This supports D ​ ynamic Part
   Numbering​ and P    ​ rice Modification​ based on the Shopper’s selections. This
   catalog field accepts | | (vertical bars) to indicate selection. For example, this
   field accepts P​ rice Adders a​ nd​ Subtractors​. The list items are separated by
   semicolons, and if there are associated P   ​ rice Adders/Subtractors​, this is
   designated by adding a numerical value after a colon, prior to the semi-colon
   separator. When a user selects a value with a ​Price Adder​ or S     ​ ubtractor​, the
   price of the item dynamically will change. If the value is positive, then the
   updated price will be the value plus the original price. If it is a negative value,
   then the updated price will be the value subtracted from the original
   amount.
9. Flags​: A ​Flag​ field can be associated with items and can be used as item
   attributes that can be used by the ​Shopper​ to filter search results. In order to
   associate these fields with an item in a catalog, an "X" must be entered in the
   item's corresponding ​Flag Custom Field​ cell. They work like ​Supplier
   Attributes​, except these are associated with individual items in a catalog,
   as opposed to all items associated with a supplier. Unlike the ​Supplier
   Attribute​ weight functionality, F ​ lags​ don’t affect the ranking of search results.



                                                                    Vroozi Catalog ​ 46
                                                                            Update 7/1/2020
       An icon image can be uploaded for a F
                                           ​ lag​ field. This icon will appear with the
       item on the search result and product detail page for S  ​ hoppers​.

C​REATE​ A
         ​ ​ C​USTOM​ F​IELD
   1. S​elect C​ atalog Management​.
   2. Near the top left of the V     ​ roozi Catalog​ screen, click the ​Custom Fields​ button.
   3. Click on the ​Create Custom Field​ button.
   4. Enter the ​Field Name​ that will be listed on the catalog template to associate
       with the ​Custom Field​. This is a required field.
   5. Enter the ​Display Name​, which is how the field will appear to ​Shoppers​. This
       is a required field.
   6. Enter a D  ​ escription​ if needed. Only A  ​ dministrators​ are able to view this
       information.
   7. Choose the field T    ​ ype​ from the drop-down menu. See the ​Custom Field
       Types​ section for more information.
   8. The ​Custom Field Defaults​ area will update based on the field T         ​ ype​ selection
       made above. Fill this section out accordingly.
   9. Save.
   10. Click the A ​ dd Catalogs​ button to associate catalogs.
   11. Find the catalogs that you would like to associate with the C        ​ ustom Field
       being created. You may choose to use the S         ​ earch Catalogs​ function.
   12. Check the box next to the C       ​ atalog Name​ to select it.
   13. Click Save.​ Your selected catalogs will be listed. (not pictured)
   14. Click the B  ​ ack​ button to return to the C ​ ustom Fields Management​ screen.
       (not pictured)



A​CTIVATE​ O
           ​ R​ D​EACTIVATE​ O​R​ D​ELETE​ ​A​ C​USTOM​ F​IELD
An alternative to deleting, is to D   ​ eactivate​ the field. Deactivating also hides the
Custom Field​ from the ​Shopper’s v      ​ iew, but unlike deleting the field is listed as an
Inactive​ record that can be made ​Active​ again.
   1. S​elect C
              ​ atalog Man​ag    ​ ement​.
   2. Near the top left of the V    ​ roozi Catalog​ screen, click the ​Custom Fields​ button.
   3. Find the ​Custom Field Name​ you would like to A         ​ ctivate​, D
                                                                           ​ eactivate or
       Delete​.​ You may choose to use the S      ​ earch Custom Fields​ bar to find it.
   4. Check the box to select it.
   5. Click the A ​ ctivate​ or D
                                ​ eactivate​ button.




                                                                          Vroozi Catalog ​ 47
                                                                                  Update 7/1/2020
Vroozi Catalog ​ 48
       Update 7/1/2020
C​OMPANY​ U​SERS
See U
    ​ ser Roles with Definitions and Quick Reference Guide​ for user role
descriptions and permissions.

C​REATE​ A
         ​ ​ U​SER
Users are created in the Company Users tab. Further details on creating a user can
be accessed ​here​.




 TIP!​ ​A user can have multiple roles. A user can be any combination of an
 Administrator, Approver and Buyer. Depending on what roles a user is assigned,
 they will be granted specific privileges within Catalog. However, if a user is
 assigned the role of Master Administrator, they will be assigned the other three
 roles at the same time.
 Only​ Master Admins h  ​ ave the rights to create other​ Master Admins ​and
 Administrators.



E​DIT​ ​A​ U​SER
Once the user has been created, they receive a “​Welcome to Catalog ​” email with a
username, temporary password, and a link to ​Vroozi Catalog. F​ or more information
about getting started with the welcome email, see ‘​Logging in for the First-Time’
section.
   1. Select​ C
              ​ ompany Users​.
   2. Use the ​Search User​ function to find the user you would like to edit.
   3. Click on the user’s ​Email Address​ link




                                                                  Vroozi Catalog ​ 49
                                                                            Update 7/1/2020
   4. N​ear the top the A
                        ​ dministrator Homepage​, click the ​Company Users​ tab.
      You will be navigated to the U  ​ ser Management​ screen.
   5. Make the necessary edits to the U   ​ ser Settings​ or D
                                                             ​ efault Preferences​ areas.
      Any field with a red asterisk​*​ cannot be left blank.
   6. Click Save.​ The user will be created and sent the “​Welcome to Catalog ​”
      email.



A​CTIVATE​, D​EACTIVATE​ O
                         ​ R​ D​ELETE​ ​A​ U​SER
   1. F​ind the user you would like to ​Activate​ or D ​ eactivate​.
   2. Check the box next to the user’s ​Email Address​ to select it.
   3. Click the A
                ​ ctivate​ ​Deactivate​ or D
                                           ​ elete​ button.
TIP!​ Y
      ​ ou cannot not Activate, Deactivate or Delete your own account.

TIP! ​ A
       ​ dministrators are not able to Activate or Deactivate other Administrators.
Only Master Admins can deactivate another Admin.



R​ESET​ ​A​ U​SER​’​S​ P​ASSWORD
Administrators​ are able to reset another user’s password in the U ​ ser Management
area of ​Catalog .​ This section shows the steps to take to do a password reset.
Marketplace d ​ oes not allow you to reset your own password as an ​Administrator​.
For more information of resetting an ​Admin​ or M ​ aster Admin​ password, see the
Forgot Password (For Administrators) ​section.

   1. F​ind the user you would like to edit.
   2. Check the box next to the user’s ​Email Address​ to select it.
   3. Click the R
                ​ eset Password​ link. An email will be sent to the user with a new
      temporary password. They are then able to log in to M  ​ arketplace ​and create
      a new password. See the P ​ assword Change​ section for more information.




                                                                       Vroozi Catalog ​ 50
                                                                              Update 7/1/2020
D​ATA​ M​APPING
Vroozi Catalog a ​ llows for various types of data mapping files to be uploaded.
data mapping​ is the process of ​mapping data​ fields from a source file to their
related target fields
Each template includes a M   ​ apping​ tab and an ​Instructions​ tab to assist in filling out
the data properly.

C​ATEGORY​ M​APPING
Categories classify products and services in a way that makes sense for your
organization. Using ​Category Mapping​, M
                                        ​ arketplace d​ ynamically maps the
supplier-provided category codes, to the categories that your organization uses.
This section outlines how to upload P
                                    ​ roduct Category​ template files into ​Catalog ​.

Every time you upload a mapping file, existing mappings will be overridden.
   1. If you don’t already have it, download the C   ​ ategory Mapping Template​ from
       the Vroozi HelpDesk.
   2. Fill out the template with the ​Product Category​ information. For more details
       of how to enter data correctly, click the I​ nstructions​ tab. From this tab you
       will be able to see if a column is required (peach/light orange) or optional
       (bold orange).




                                                                         Vroozi Catalog ​ 51
                                                                                Update 7/1/2020
 The ​Display​ column is used to flag individual rows in these tables, to be visible to
      the S
          ​ hopper​.

For ​Category Mapping​, U   ​ oM​ and ​Currency​ mapping tables, unless a particular row
is flagged for ​Display,​ the value is not going to be visible in the ​Not in Catalog​ form
on ​Shopper User Interface (UI)​. This assumes that the buying organization is using
the ​Not in Catalog​ form.

Because the C   ​ ategory​ mapping table is used to set up both category mapping
behavior upon shopping cart checkout, and the ​Category Tree​ that ​Shoppers​ see,
the ​Display​ flag also affects the ​Category Tree​. Unless a particular row is flagged to
be displayed, it won't show up in the ​Shopper​ category tree.

UoM​ and ​Currency​ mapping tables can also be set up to show their data to
Shoppers​, based on the ​Shopper's​ associated ​Content Group​.

   ●   The ​Category Mapping​, ​UoM​ and ​Currency​ mapping values can now be
       associated with C
                       ​ ontent Views​.

When the ​Shopper​ logs in, the system uses the assigned ​Content Group​ to
determine which C  ​ ontent Views​ can access, then only shows the appropriate
Category​, U
           ​ oM​ and ​Currency​ codes in the ​Not in Catalog​ form. This assumes that
the buying organization is using the N ​ ot in Catalog​ form.

   1. Save the completed C   ​ ategory Mapping​ template file to your computer.
   2. Log in to C​ atalog ​.
   3. Click on the ​Data Mapping​ tab.
   4. The ​Category Mapping ​tab is the first of the mapping tabs and will already be
      selected for you. Click the B​ rowse​ button and follow the prompts to select
      and open the completed C    ​ ategory Mapping​ file on your computer.
   5. If there is anything that is wrong with the template data, you will receive a
      Download Error Report​ link. Clicking on this will download a PDF file that
      contains details on a row-by-row basis of the issues in the file.
   6. If you would like to download the existing mapping file at any time, click the
      Download Processed Data​ link.




                                                                        Vroozi Catalog ​ 52
                                                                               Update 7/1/2020
S​UPPLIER​ ID M​APPING
Before S
       ​ upplier ID ​mapping can be done, the suppliers must first exist in the
system. See additional supplier-related sections for more information if you haven’t
already done this.

Every time you upload a mapping file, existing mappings will be overridden.

   1. If you don’t already have it, download the S  ​ upplier ID Mapping Template
      from the ​Marketplace U ​ pload File Templates​ section of the knowledge base
      at h​ ttps://vroozi.zendesk.com​.
                         ● The template name is ​Vendor_ID_Mapping_Template
   2. Fill out the template with the ​Vendor ID i​ nformation. For more detail of how
      to enter data correctly, click the ​Instructions​ tab. From this tab you will be
      able to see if a column is required (peach/light orange), optional (bold
      orange).




   3. Back in Vroozi Catalog, c​lick on the ​Data Mapping​ tab.
   4. Click the S​ upplier ID​ tab.
   5. Click the B ​ rowse​ button and follow the prompts to select and open the
      completed C    ​ urrency​ file on your computer.
   6. If there is anything that is wrong with the template data, you will receive a
      Download Error Report​ link. Clicking on this will download a PDF file that
      contains details on a row-by-row basis of the issues in the file.
   7. If you would like to download the existing mapping file at any time, click the
      Download Processed Data​ link.




                                                                   Vroozi Catalog ​ 53
                                                                          Update 7/1/2020
C​ONTENT​ A​CCESS​ M​APPING

A ​S​hopper​ logging into​ Vroozi Marketplace or Vroozi Purchase n       ​ eeds to have
Content Views​ associated with them in order to be able to access any content in the
system. These C    ​ ontent View​ associations are made via the assignment of a ​Content
Group​.
The default method to determine which ​Content Group​ should be assigned to the
current user requires that the ​Content Group’s​ CGROUPTOKEN or CGROUPNAME
be passed to M   ​ arketplace ​as a parameter in the URL. This token is unique to a
particular C  ​ ontent Group​ and used to identify the ​Content Group​ to be assigned.
Administrators​ can optionally choose to include the M        ​ arketplace g​ enerated token
for an external ERP system configured in their account. This token should be
provided under the SYSTEMID parameter. This can be used to specify the C            ​ ontent
Group​ association if the Shopper is logging in from a particular external ERP
system. If the URL does not contain a CGROUPTOKEN or CGROUPNAME, then the
user’s ​Unique Identifier​ value (UNAME) is used to assign a mapped ​Content Group
to them.
     1. If you don’t already have it, download the C      ​ ontent Access Mapping Template
        from the ​Marketplace U      ​ pload File Templates​ section of the knowledge base
        at h​ ttps://vroozi.zendesk.com​.
     2. Fill out the template with content information. For more detail of how to
        enter data correctly, click the I​ nstructions​ tab. From this tab you will be able
        to see if s column is required (peach/light orange) or optional (bold orange)
     3. Log in to C    ​ atalog ​.
     4. Click on the ​Data Mapping​ tab.
     5. Click the C  ​ ontent Access​ tab.
     6. Click the B   ​ rowse​ button and follow the prompts to select and open the
        completed C       ​ ontent Access​ file on your computer.




   7. If there is anything that is wrong with the template data, you will receive a
      Download Error Report​ link. Clicking on this will download a PDF file that
      contains details on a row-by-row basis of the issues in the file.
   8. If you would like to download the existing mapping file at any time, click the
      Download Processed Data​ link.




                                                                       Vroozi Catalog ​ 54
                                                                              Update 7/1/2020
U​NIT​ O
       ​ F​ M​EASURE​ (U​OM
                          ​ ) M​APPING

This section shows how to upload a Unit​ of Measure (UoM) m​ apping into the
Marketplace​ u​ sing a template. Every time you upload a mapping file, existing
mappings will be overridden.

   1. If you don’t already have it, download the U   ​ oM Mapping Template​ from the
      Marketplace U  ​ pload File Templates​ section of ​Vroozi Helpdesk a  ​ t
      https://vroozi.zendesk.com​.
   2. Fill out the template with content information. For more detail of how to
      enter data correctly, click the I​ nstructions​ tab. From this tab you will be able
      to see if a column is required (peach/light orange) or optional (bold orange).




   3. Log in to Catalog .
   4. Click on the ​Data Mapping​ tab.
   5. Click the U​ nit of Measure​ tab.
   6. Click the B ​ rowse​ button and follow the prompts to select and open the
      completed U    ​ nit of Measure​ file on your computer.
   7. If there is anything that is wrong with the template data, you will receive a
      Download Error Report​ link. Clicking on this will download a PDF file that
      contains details on a row-by-row basis of the issues in the file.
   8. If you would like to download the existing mapping file at any time, click the
      Download Processed Data​ link.

C​URRENCY​ M​APPING
This section shows how to upload C
                                 ​ urrency m
                                           ​ apping into the Marketplace​ ​using a
template. Every time you upload a mapping file, existing mappings will be
overridden.

   1. If you don’t already have it, download the C
                                                 ​ urrency Mapping Template​ from
      the M​ arketplace Upload​ File Templates​ section of the knowledge base at
      https://vroozi.zendesk.com​.




                                                                      Vroozi Catalog ​ 55
                                                                             Update 7/1/2020
2. Fill out the template with content information. For more d      ​ etails​ of how to
   enter data correctly, click the I​ nstructions​ tab. From this tab you will be able
   to see if s column is required (peach/light orange) or optional (bold orang​e.)




3. Log in to C  ​ atalog ​.
4. Click on the ​Data Mapping​ tab.
5. Click the C​ urrency​ tab.
6. Click the B ​ rowse​ button and follow the prompts to select and open the
   completed C     ​ urrency​ file on your computer.
7. If there is anything that is wrong with the template data, you will receive a
   Download Error Report​ link. Clicking on this will download a PDF file that
   contains details on a row-by-row basis of the issues in the file.
8. If you would like to download the existing mapping file at any time, click the
   Download Processed Data​ link.




                                                                   Vroozi Catalog ​ 56
                                                                          Update 7/1/2020
