      Vroozi Troubleshooting FAQs

Table of Contents:

General Knowledge                                                                            1
  Compatible Browsers and versions                                                           1

Troubleshooting                                                                          2
  Help Network                                                                           2
  Help Desk "Triage" Questions                                                           2
  FAQs                                                                                   3




General Knowledge
Compatible Browsers and versions
  ●   Internet Explorer: 10*,11* (All versions of IE less than IE 10 are not supported for
      PMAN)
  ●   Chrome: (Version 85.0.4183.83),
  ●   Chromium: (Version 81.0.4044.0),
  ●   Firefox: (Version 80.0.1)
  ●   Microsoft Edge: [Version 85.0.564.51 (64-bit)]




                                                                                             1
Troubleshooting
Instructions
Please review these FAQs with troubleshooting tips before placing a Helpdesk ticket
with the Vroozi Support team.

Tickets to Vroozi Support team should include your answers to the Triage Questions
below.

Don’t forget you can often find answers to your questions in our Vroozi Library
https://vroozi.zendesk.com​.



Help Network
Vroozi Support Ticket Form:

https://vroozi.zendesk.com/hc/en-us/requests/new

Training Services &Questions:                         T​raining@vroozi.com

Customer Success:                                     Success@vroozi.com




Help Desk "Triage" Questions
To aid in a successful and timely resolution, answers to the questions below and any
troubleshooting already attempted should be provided in escalation to the Vroozi
Support Team

   1. What type of device are you using? (Windows, Mac, tablet, etc)
   2. What browser & version are you using (Chrome, FIrefox, IE 10, etc)
   3. What is your login/connection type (username, email, SSO)
   4. What product are you using (PMan, SmartOCI, etc
   5. What roles/permissions do you have?
   6. What document/process type are you doing (PR, PO, GR, Inv, approval, etc)?
   7. Is the product not functioning or functioning incorrectly?
         ●   Example of ​Not Functioning "​ I can't enter a PR"
         ●   Example of ​Functioning Incorrectly​ "the quantity doesn't match"

                                                                       Troubleshooting ​2
 8. Did you use any KB or Help tools that caused problems/confusion?
 9. What is the severity of the problem (in accord with published guidelines)?



FAQs
 ✓ I’ve been locked out/My Password isn’t working.

    Please reach out to your administrator who can trigger a password reset for
    you.

 ✓ My requisitions aren’t going to the correct person for approval.

    Please reach out to your administrator who can update the approver listed in
    your account.

 ✓ I need to have an item added to a catalog.

    Please see your catalog administrator or content team regarding the item you
    would like to have added. Alternatively, you may choose to create a
    Non-Catalog​ order for the item.




                                                                   Troubleshooting ​3
