                  Marketplace Shopper
                                Guide

Table of Contents:

Marketplace                                                      2

Homepage                                                         2

Supplier Catalogs                                                3

Announcements                                                    3

Create an Order                                                  4
   Perform an Advanced Search                                    5
   Saved Searches                                                5

Lists                                                            6
   Create Shopping Lists                                         6
   Add to Lists                                                  6

Compare Search Items                                             7




                                        Marketplace Quick Guide ​ 1
Marketplace
Vroozi Marketplace is an Amazon-like shopping experience but better because it is
specifically tailored to your buying needs. You can search and shop for items among
multiple supplier catalogs, compare prices, add items to your cart, create shopping
lists & save your search results.



Homepage




   1. Federated Search bar​: Search by keyword, item number, etc.
   2. Categories: ​Search among the categories based on your customized
      catalogs.
   3. My Searches: A
                   ​ ccess recent or saved searches
   4. Suppliers ​Supplier Catalog Icons. Click to access.




                                                            Marketplace Quick Guide ​ 2
Supplier Catalogs

                                                                        Catalog Card
Type             Description
                                                                        Example

Hosted           Specific catalog items with pricing and images are
Supplier         loaded into the Vroozi platform.
Catalog          (‘Browse’ appears on catalog card)

Punchout         Items are hosted in the Supplier’s website. Shoppers
Supplier         return to Vroozi Marketplace once ready to check
Catalog          out their cart.
                 (Supplier name appears on catalog card)


Level 2          Shoppers can select view uploaded catalog items
Catalog          internally and are directed to the vendor website to
                 add to cart or view items not housed within the
                 internal catalog.
                 (‘Browse’ & Supplier name appears on catalog card)




Announcements
Look out for Announcements, Information, & special Welcome Messages from your
Administrators.
   ●   Announcements: ​ ​Found on
       your homepage.
       Announcements are color
       coded ​red​, y
                    ​ ellow​ and g
                                 ​ reen
       based on urgency. Red is the
       highest priority.
       Announcements can be
       dismissed once read.

   ●   Welcome Message:
       System-wide message for all
       users

   ●   Information: ​Pinned to the Welcome bar and cannot be dismissed.




                                                           Marketplace Quick Guide ​ 3
Create an Order
 1.      Launch from your external ERP

2.       Begin Shopping:​ Perform a search or select a Catalog from the homepage.

3.       When ready, select items to view or add to cart. Update quantity as needed.

      ● Select the product’s name to view a complete description.




4.       Click cart icon to perform a quick view or your cart or access in full screen.




5.       Complete order and check out.




6.       Transaction is completed your external ERP




                                                             Marketplace Quick Guide ​ 4
Searches
Use the federated search bar to search by the following descriptors:

      1. Short Description
      2. Long Text
      3. Supplier Part Number
      4. Manufacturer Part Number
      5. Material Group
      6. Supplier
      7. Searchable Custom Field


Perform an Advanced Search
Select the downward facing arrow to the right of the search bar to select more
specific search parameters.




Saved Searches
Save searches you want to access or view at a later date.

 1.    Select ‘Save Search’ at the top of the results field.




 2.    Name your search and ‘Save’.




                                                               Marketplace Quick Guide ​ 5
 3.       Access ‘Saved Searches’ from the homepage. Your five
          most recent searches will be listed.




Lists
Create lists for items you frequently purchase or items you
are not yet ready to purchase. Saved lists can be used an
unlimited amount of time.
   ● Select from saved lists in the top right corner.


Create Shopping Lists
Select items & click Create New or previously created list
      ●   Click the arrow next to the product name




Add to Lists
Select items & add to current list
      ●   Click the arrow next to the product name




                                                         Marketplace Quick Guide ​ 6
     Internal:




     Punchout:




Note​: Punchout catalog items cannot be added to a list until they are added and
then viewed from the cart.




Compare Search Items
1.   Check ‘Compare’ below the image of a product you want to compare against
     others.




                                                      Marketplace Quick Guide ​ 7
2.   Once all items have been added select ‘Compare’ at the top of the search field.




3.   View items, add to cart or return to search results.




                                                            Marketplace Quick Guide ​ 8
