              Marketplace User FAQs

Table of Contents:

What is the difference between a Dialog and System User?                          2

Where can I find communication from my administrator?                             2

How do I search for an item among all my suppliers?                               3

How do I perform an advanced search?                                              3

How can I tell the difference between a punchout supplier and a hosted supplier
catalog?                                                                          3

Can I add items from different suppliers to my cart?                              4
What is the difference between a Dialog and System User?
Marketplace User Roles have two classifications:


Dialog Users​: ​ direct login access with a username and password to log in to use or
manage Marketplace. Dialog Users include the following roles:
          ●   Master Administrator
          ●   Administrator
          ●   Buyer
          ●   Approver (catalog)


System Users​: U
               ​ sers that have access to an external ERP system, and do not log in
to Marketplace directly. Instead, Shoppers are authenticated through the external
system to search and shop from the Marketplace. System Users only include the role
          ●   System Shoppers


Where can I find communication from my administrator?
There are 3 ways your administrator can communicate with you:

   ●   Announcements: ​ ​Found on your homepage. Announcements are color
       coded ​red​, y
                    ​ ellow​ and g
                                 ​ reen ​based on urgency. Red is the highest priority.
       Announcements can be dismissed once read.

   ●   Welcome Message: ​ ​System-wide message for all users.

   ●   Information: ​Pinned to the Welcome bar and cannot be dismissed.




                                                                 Marketplace User FAQs ​ 2
How do I search for an item among all my suppliers?
   1. Use the top search by on the
      homescreen and type in a
      specific item or key word.
   2. Search for suppliers by the
      categories listed on the left
      panel of your homescreen.


        Note: C
              ​ ategories and search results will only display items in hosted/internal
        catalogs.

How do I perform an advanced search?
Select the downward facing arrow arrow to the right of the search bar to select more
specific search parameters.




How can I tell the difference between a punchout supplier and
a hosted supplier catalog?
First let’s start with an explanation of H
                                         ​ osted​ and P
                                                      ​ unchout​ supplier catalogs.


 Hosted Supplier            Specific catalog items loaded into the Vroozi platform.
 Catalog

 Punchout Supplier          Items are hosted in the Supplier’s site. Shoppers return to
 Catalog                    Vroozi Marketplace once ready to check out their cart.



When you click on a supplier that has both a hosted and punchout
catalog option, you will be directed to choose which one you would


                                                                 Marketplace User FAQs ​ 3
like to use. ‘Browse’ indicates a hosted catalog. The Supplier’s listed name will take
you to their punchout catalog.


Can I add items from different suppliers to my cart?
Yes, items will be divided and subtotaled by supplier in the cart, this data will transfer
to your external ERP system.




                                                                Marketplace User FAQs ​ 4
