Create an ​AP Custom Workflow
Define an invoice cycle based on user role and allocation of spend.


There are 3
          ​ ​ outcomes which can be accomplished through the creation of an AP Custom
Workflow.
   1. Approval Workflow: ​Define the individuals
      responsible for approving applicable invoices
      before they are submitted for posting.

   2. Coding Workflow​: Define the individuals
      responsible for invoice coding review.

   3. Invoice Routing: ​Assign routing of invoices to
      specific AP Processor(s) based on the defined
      hopper, company code, Plant Code(s) and Cost
      Center(s).
         ○ Use of Plant Codes is not required for the
             creation of an AP Workflow.
         ○ Only applies to cXML and Supplier Portal
             Invoices
         ○ AP Managers will still see all invoices

WORKFLOW REQUIREMENTS
   ✓ Each Workflow must be assigned to a specific approval group, requiring the
     creation of an approval group before the workflow can be saved.
   ✓ Each Workflow must be assigned to a specific company code, one or more Plant
     codes and one or more cost centers.



CREATE AN APPROVAL GROUP
One or more Approvers may be selected from the
drop-down list of users with the AP Approver
assignment. (shown below)
   ●   Approval order follows the order as names are
       entered in the Approvers field (shown above)
          ○   Example: First C​ arol Tester a​ pproves, then
              invoice will be sent to J
                                      ​ effrey Approver. ​After



                                                                                        1
          which time the invoice approval process is complete.

1. APPROVAL WORKFLOW
Utilize Workflow functionality w
                               ​ ith​ A
                                      ​ pprovals
    Setup Requirements:
       ➢ In A
            ​ ccounts Payable >Settings >Preferences​ toggle o
                                                             ​ ff​ AP Document
         Approval settings. (​ shown above)
       ➢ Assign users with the role AP Approver and permission.




       ➢ Complete all Approval Workflow details and select a pre existing Approval
         Group to plug into the workflow.




Utilize other aspects of Workflow functionality w
                                                ​ ithout​ ​triggering an Approval
Workflow.
    Setup Requirements:
       ➢ In A
            ​ ccounts Payable >Settings >Preferences​ toggle o
                                                             ​ n​ ‘AP Document
         Approvals’ This will bypass any approval groups created in Custom Workflow.
       ➢ If applicable, toggle on non-PO based and memos settings.​ (shown below)




2. CODING WORKFLOW OPTIONS
●   Utilize Workflow functionality w
                                   ​ ith​ specific users assigned as
    AP Coders.
    Setup Requirements:
       ➢ Assign specific Accounts Payable users with ‘Code AP
         documents’ permission.


                                                                                     2
       ➢ In the ‘AP Coder’ field select one or more users with the AP coding
         permission. (​ shown on right)

●   Utilize Workflow functionality w
                                   ​ ithout​ ​assigning coding responsibilities to team
    members outside of AP Processors:
    Setup Requirements:
       ➢ Add ‘Code AP Documents’ permission to each applicable AP Processor role.




       ➢ Enter AP Processors as AP Coders in the Workflow template. (shown below)




       ➢ Train your AP Processors not to use C
                                             ​ oding​ as an Invoice destination.



3. INVOICE ROUTING
    Setup Requirements:
➢ Review use of ​Accounting Segments.

➢ The segregation of invoices does not require more than 1 hopper, instead through
  workflow routing, invoices are sent to the designated AP Processor(s) based on the
  plant code, company code and cost center coded to the line items.

➢ Routing will require the creation of multiple workflows, with different accounting
  segments and AP Processors. The Coders and Approvers can be specified for each
  as needed.

➢ In Master Data >Users, ensure each Requester’s default Requisition settings reflect
  the correct Company Code, Plant Code(s) and Cost Center(s).


                                                                                          3
Example below:




Note:​ If items in an invoice have accounting segments that route to more than one AP
Processor, the invoice will be sent to each AP Processor, whoever opens it first will
process the invoice. The first AP Processor can still choose to complete their review
and assign to another if needed.




                                                                                    4
