Exception Handling with ⅔ Way Match
Overview of Exception Handling enablement and workflows.




Table of Contents:

⅔ Way Exception Handling                                                     2

Set Goods Receipt Requirements                                               2

Tolerances                                                                   3
   Set Exception Tolerances                                                  3
   Set Exception Handlers                                                    4

Approval Workflow                                                            5

Exception Handling Test Cases                                                6
   MisMatch Exception                                                        6
   Missing Goods Receipt                                                     8

Exception Handling History                                                   9




                                                           Updated 10/31/19​ ​1
⅔ W​AY​ E​XCEPTION​ H​ANDLING
Vroozi provides an exception handling workflow for invoice discrepancies to be
reviewed, resolved and approved for payment.

Invoice processing settings can be set to a 2
                                            ​ ​ or 3
                                                   ​ -way​ match review:

2-Way Match: ​The PO and
Invoice must match within
any set tolerances.

3-Way Match:​ ​The PO,
Invoice, and Goods Receipt
must match within any set
tolerances.

= sign​: indicates exact match
required u ​ nless​ tolerances are
set.


S​ET​ G​OODS​ R​ECEIPT​ R​EQUIREMENTS
Document > Settings > Goods Receipts

Goods receipt requirements as set by the Administrator (below):




Goods receipt requirements set on the supplier record (below)



                                                                           Updated 10/31/19​   2
   ●   Will override the Administrator settings if​ Goods Receipts (GR) are set to 'on'.
       If GR's are set to 'off', then the Supplier GR setting will not override the global
       GR setting.
   ●   Threshold will designate the purchase order dollar value in which a Goods
       Receipt is required. Purchase orders under this value will be an assumed
       receipt.




T​OLERANCES
Accounts Payable > Settings > Exceptions

Tolerances can be set in which only invoices that breach these defined thresholds
are subject to Exception Handling.
   ● For example; defining the price delta between PO and Invoice which would
      be subject to Exception Handling

You can enable (or disable) the following 6
                                          ​ ​T
                                             ​ olerance types:
   1. Product & Service Price - Line item & Subtotal
   2. Product & Service Quantity - Line item & Total
   3. Blanket Line item “Total” Tolerance
   4. Additional Line Item and Total
   5. Shipping - Line item and Total
   6. Tax - Line item and Total Tax




                                                                         Updated 10/31/19​   3
Note: T
      ​ olerance configuration is based on over quantity amounts ​only​.
Underbilled invoices will ​not b
                               ​ e flagged.


Set Exception Tolerances
   1. Enable Tolerances (if desired)
   2. Set Unit (Number or Percentage) for each enabled tolerance
   3. Enter Value
          ●   Value set at 0 when toggled “On” designates no tolerance. Meaning
              that the invoice has to exactly match the PO.
          ●   System automatically approves any value under set tolerance
          ●   Note: Value excludes taxes and shipping




Set Exception Handlers
Accounts Payable > Settings >
Exceptions


   1. Select Role Types (Accounts
      Payable or
      Procurement/Purchasing)
         ○ Select multiple or
            single users within that type.
         ○ Set Forward Invoices to:
         ○ And/or
   2. Create custom group (Click the plus sign shown above)
          ○   Enter the name of the exception handling group.


                                                                    Updated 10/31/19​   4
Members:
List the users belonging to the group who would be responsible for handing invoice
exceptions.
    ● Exception groups selected and/or created will be listed for the user to select
       from when they attempt to submit an invoice for Exception Handling —
       Requester/Buyer and Central Receivers are listed by default.

Forward Invoices to:
   ●   Select ‘All users in the group’ option to forward invoices with exceptions to all
       users within the group.
   ●   Select ‘Specific user in the group” option to forward invoices with exceptions
       to a specific user within the group.




 RECOMMENDED​:​ Select ‘All users’ or ‘specific user in group’ to either forward an
 invoice with exceptions to all users or a specific user within the group.



Changes to an Existing Group

   ●   To e
          ​ dit​, select the pen icon from the right.
   ●   To d​ elete, s​ elect the trash button


A​PPROVAL​ W​ORKFLOW
Accounts Payable -> Settings -> Preferences

Set Auto-approval rules post exception handling.




                                                                       Updated 10/31/19​   5
Updated 10/31/19​   6
E​XCEPTION​ H​ANDLING​ T​EST​ C​ASES

MisMatch Exception
  1. AP processes the invoice, and checks the PO against a 2 or 3-way match
     depending on the goods receipt setting. The system will alert the user of any
     exceptions.




  2. Invoice will be subject to Exception Handling based on the tolerances set by
     the Administrator.
        ● Invoice will be in ‘Draft’ status until submitted to an Exception Handler
           for review in which invoice status becomes ‘Exception’.

  3. Exception Handling is assigned to a specific user or group within that type. (As
     configured by the Administrator)
        ● Comments can be
           submitted with the
           exception

  4. The assigned exception handler
     will review the invoice, and
     submit a resolution back to the
     AP user. The following
     resolutions can be submitted.

                                                                    Updated 10/31/19​   7
   Comments can be added via ‘Message to AP department’ (picture on next
   page)

       ●   Pay the Purchase Order​ -​ Select this option if you want Accounts
           Payable to pay the price and the quantity specified on the PO. This
           resolution will be applied to all line-items containing exceptions.
       ●   Pay the Invoice​ -​ Select this option if you want Accounts Payable to
           pay the price and the
           quantity specified on the
           invoice. This resolution will
           only be applied to the
           line-items containing
           exceptions.

       ●   Don’t Pay and Delete the
           Invoice​ - Select this
           option if you do N​ OT​ want
           Accounts Payable to pay
           the invoice. Instead you
           would like AP to wait for a
           new ​corrected invoice.

5. If the invoice is clear of any other
   exceptions the invoice will
   automatically move to the next
   stage of processing. (Approval or Posting). If further exceptions appear the
   user will need to either complete the remaining exceptions, or Return to AP
   who can re-assign remaining exceptions to another user.

6. If auto-approval post exception handling is enabled the invoice will bypass
   manual approval by the AP Processor. If auto-approval is disabled, the invoice
   will be forwarded for approval by the AP Processor, who can retrieve the
   invoice from the ‘Tasks’ field in the Vroozi Hopper.




                                                                   Updated 10/31/19​   8
Missing Goods Receipt
  1. Once a PO is linked to the Invoice, the system will automatically search for the
     Goods Receipt. If a Goods Receipt required for the PO and one is not present
     the Missing Goods Receipt Exception will appear.
  2. AP processor should continue to manually index the invoice (completing all
     required fields and if needed update
     the Invoice draft to match the Supplier
     Invoice.
        ● Invoice will be in ‘Draft’ status
            until submitted to an Exception
            Handler for review in which
            invoice status becomes
            ‘Exception’.

  3. Exception Handling is then assigned to
     a specific user or group. (below)
        ● Comments can be submitted
           with the exception

  4. The assigned exception handler (typically the original Requester) will review
     the invoice, and create a goods receipt for the associated purchase order.
     Once completed, the invoice will be
     returned to AP for approval. (next page)

  5. If the invoice is clear of any other
     exceptions the invoice will automatically
     move to the next stage of processing.
     (Approval or Posting). If further
     exceptions appear the user will need to
     either complete the remaining
     exceptions, or Return to AP who can
     re-assign remaining exceptions to
     another user.

  6. If auto-approval post exception handling
     is enabled the invoice will bypass manual
     approval by the AP Processor. If auto-approval is disabled, the invoice will be


                                                                     Updated 10/31/19​   9
       forwarded for approval by the AP Processor, who can retrieve the invoice from
       the ‘Tasks’ field in the Vroozi Hopper.


E​XCEPTION​ H​ANDLING​ H​ISTORY
Note:​ Upon returning from exception handling,
the AP user can review the audit trail in the
Invoice History to track the entire exception
handling process. (shown to right)

Click a tile to learn more.




View details:




                                                                   Updated 10/31/19​   10
