Understanding A
              ​ ccounting Segments
Overview of Accounting Segments and how each is connected.



Organizational Segments
Found in M
         ​ aster Data >Organization


COMPANY CODE
A company code is a 3-4 letter/ number code that defines a business entity or location.
   ●   Company Codes are associated with a Company and/or Billing address.
   ●   At least one Company Code must be created.


PURCHASING ORGANIZATION

Represents the procuring unit in a legal sense. The way in which you assign purchasing
organizations to company codes and plants determines the procurement method.

   ●   Purchasing Organizations are associated with a Company Code.

PLANT

A subdivision of a Company Code. Often a location, office or building capable of
manufacturing goods of all sizes in large quantities to be sold by a business. Through this
feature the Admin can see the different plants and the corresponding number code to
the plant.
   ●   Plant Codes are associated with a Company Code.




Accounting Segments
Found in​ Master Data >Accounting
At least one Company Code must be created before the accounting segments listed
below can be set up. Each accounting segment can be set individually as Active or
Inactive.

Segments listed in Alphabetical Order:
CLASS
Cost Reporting for a specific division, department or other organizational unit.
   ●   Classes can be associated to a specific Company Code or All Company Codes.
   ●   Start and end dates can be set for each Class.
   ●   Sub classes may be created. If a parent class associated to a subclass is deleted,
       both classes will be removed from the system.

COST CENTER
A cost center is part of an organization that d
                                              ​ oes not​ produce direct profit and adds to the
cost of running a company.
Example: Accounting, Marketing, Shipping etc.
   ●   Sub-Cost Centers can be created. If a parent cost center associated to a sub-cost
       center is deleted, both classes will be removed from the system.
   ●   Start and end dates can be set for each Cost Center

CUSTOMERS

The Customer classification allows you to associate projects to a customer.
   ●   Customer Code can be associated to a Cost Center, GL Account WBS Element or
       Project.

GL ACCOUNTS
A General Ledger (GL) Account is a unique record summarizing each type of an asset,
liability, equity, revenue and expense. This information is needed to prepare financial
statements.
Example: Cash, Accounts Receivable, Inventory, Investments, Land, and Equipment.


INTERNAL ORDERS
Internal orders are used to monitor overhead costs incurred for a specific event, project or
activity.
   ●   Internal Orders may also be associated to a Profit Center.

LOCATION
Locations where financial transactions occur. Locations can be defaulted to each user.
   ●   Locations can be applied to a specific Company Code or All Company Codes. If All
       is selected, Location type will become a required field.


                                                                                            2
   ●   Plants & Classes association to a specific location is optional.

LOCATION TYPE
A specific space whether it be Physical, Partner or Virtual.
   ●   Associated to a Company Code a
                                    ​ nd​ Location.

PROFIT CENTERS
A business unit or that generates revenue and may also incurs costs.
Example: Sales department, Online sales
   ●   Start and end dates can be set.

PROJECT
Indicates projects such as work orders, contracts, grants, or other entities to track specific
transactions.
   ●   Sub Projects can be created.
   ●   Start and end dates can be set for each Project.
   ●   Association to a Class is optional.

WBS ELEMENTS
A WBS Element is a hierarchical and incremental decomposition of a project into phases,
deliverables and work packages. It is a tree structure, which shows a subdivision of effort
required to achieve an objective
Example: a program, project, or contract.




                                                                                             3
