Express Shopper Quick Guide
The Express Shopper creates shopping lists within ​Vroozi Purchase​ that are then sent
over to Power Shopper for review in ​Vroozi Catalog​. As a final step, any Shopper lists that
convert to a cart by the Power Shopper will be sent to your system’s external system for
PO conversion.



H​OMEPAGE




   1. Displays the most recently reviewed catalog items.
   2. Displays a Shopper’s ​5​ most recent carts. Each row displays one cart detailing the
      cart number, the amount and status. (see statuses’ below) Click view more to view
      the repository of all carts you have submitted.
   3. View your saved lists and/or create a ‘new list.’
   4. View catalogs and begin adding them to a list.
          ● Click the star in the top left corner of each supplier card to
            pin it to the top of your Catalog list.
   5. View the entire repository of shared lists. Use the search bar to
      search for a specific list. You can search by number, supplier or keyword.




B​UILD​ A
        ​ ​ L​IST

You may build a shopping list from pre-configured products and services or forms from
contracted and approved suppliers. The products are organized and defined by the
catalogs displayed on the shopper’s homepage. Once a catalogis selected users can begin
viewing and adding items to their list.

Select a catalog card to open and view a specific catalog.




From the catalog view, you can do the following:
   1. Click an item name to view product specifications
   2. Refine the search criteria
   3. Add the item to their cart
   4. Add the item to a new or existing list template​.


Once you have added items to your list, click the Cart icon in the top corner of your screen
to display your cart items. Here you can update quantity and delete items from your list.


S​END​ L​ISTS​ ​TO​ P​OWER​ S​HOPPERS
Once the list is ready for review, you are just a few clicks away from sending to a specified
Power Shopper.
   1. Complete all required details and update line items if needed.
   2. Select ‘Submit’.




   3. After clicking ‘Submit’ and the Requisition is ​finalized​, Shoppers are prompted to
      select from the applicable list of Power Shoppers.




                                                                                     Shopper​ 1​
                                                                               Updated 7/22/2020
Once a list has been Sent to a Power Shopper it remains in Pending status until either of
the following:
   ●   Pending​ =
                ​ The list has n
                               ​ ot​ yet been added to a cart
   ●   Approved:​ L ​ ist has been added to the Power Shopper’s cart
   ●   Rejected: ​ L
                   ​ ist has been deleted by the Power Shopper

S​AVE​ ​A​ L​IST
Lists for products frequently requested
together can be prepared and saved to use
as often as needed. You may create as many
lists as you like.
Click the star next to any item to add that
item to the default ‘Favorites’ list or create a
‘new list’.
If ‘new list’ is selected, you can customize the list name and/or add the list item to your
cart.




R​EJECTED​ L​IST
Power Shoppers may reject a list that has been shared by you. In this case the list will be
sent back to you for review. List rejection will trigger an email notification to you. The
email will include any notes submitted explaining the reason for rejection. Click ‘View
Rejected Cart’ to navigate directly to the rejected list.




                                                                                      Shopper​ 2
                                                                                               ​
                                                                                Updated 7/22/2020
Once accessed within V​ roozi Purchase​ you can view the rejection message within List
view. Here you can also change quantities, remove items and then Resubmit List’.
If additional items need to be added to the current ‘Rejected’ List, click the horizontal
ellipsis (shown on right) next to ‘Resubmit List’ to add the items to a new list.




The updated list can then be resubmitted back to the Power Shopper that originally
rejected it or a new Power Shopper as available in the Power Shopping selection
mapping.
.




                                                                                     Shopper​ 3
                                                                                              ​
                                                                               Updated 7/22/2020
