Power Shopper Quick Guide
Responsible for converting shopping lists to carts that will then be sent to an external
system outside of Vroozi.



A​CCESS
   1. Power shoppers should access Vroozi each time you receive email notification that
      a new Shopper list requires their review. Access to Vroozi will occur through
      external ERP.
   2. Upon connecting to Vroozi Catalog, you
      may access the lists shared via ​2​ locations
      on your homepage.

          ●   ‘Information’ bar -​ Located in the
              center of the login page this will
              indicate the number of lists shared.

          ●   Lists’ icon​ - Located next to the
              shopping cart icon, the number of
              shared lists awaiting review will
              also populate.

Once selected, you can view the repository of
lists. Click the arrow to the right of each list to
view specific item details. (shown next page)




Note:​ Lists items cannot be edited from this page but can be edited once added to a
cart.
Use the ‘Filter Lists By’ options to search for lists by specific employee, date, line item
quantity or amount.
C​ONVERT​ L​IST​ ​TO​ C​ART
Once read to convert a list to cart, select ‘Add to Cart’.

You can add as many lists as you choose to a
cart before selecting to “Checkout Now’.
Example below shows 1 list already in the cart
with another to be added.

Note: ​ T
        ​ he quantity displayed on the cart icon
indicates the total number of line items across
all carts. The example below shows a cart with
4 total line items created from 3 lists.




Once a list(s) has been converted to a cart, you may edit the list items and quantities
(shown next page) before sending that cart to your external system. However, you may
not add items to the list. If wishing to do this, you should either reject the cart and advise
the user to add the appropriate items or create a new cart yourself and confirm this in the
cart rejection note back to the Shopper Express employee.




                                                                               Power Shopper​ ​1
                                                                               Updated 4/25/2020
Multiple lists can be added to one cart. At which point, they will be grouped by supplier
and not by individual list. The Shopper
Express user is NOT notified of any of the
described changes at this stage.
Checkout Cart: Select ‘Checkout Now’ to
send the cart to your SRM or ERP. (shown
below)

S​HARED​ L​IST​ R​EJECTION
W​ORKFLOW
If a list is incorrect and requires further review, you may choose to​ return a shared list
back to the Shopper Express u    ​ ser.
Rejection selection on the Shared List view:




When rejecting a list, it is best to provide notes detailing why the list has been rejected
and the appropriate steps required for approval.
Rejection Note field:




Rejection will trigger an email notification to the Shopper Express u
                                                                    ​ ser ​including any
notes submitted during rejection.

A​DD​ I​ TEMS​ ​TO​ C​ART​ O
                           ​ R​ L​IST
Use the search bar or search directly within the supplier catalog listed under ‘Suppliers’ to
add items to the new cart created by you.
From the cart view, add items to a cart converted from an employee list by clicking
‘Continue Shopping’. (shown on next page)
                                                                                Power Shopper​ ​2
                                                                                 Updated 4/25/2020
C​OMPARE​ I​TEMS
Like items appearing in a search result can be compared.
   1. Check the box next to each item.
   2. When ready select ‘Compare’




   3. At the Comparison view, add selected items to cart or select ‘Back to Search
      Results’. (shown on next page)




                                                                           Power Shopper​ ​3
                                                                           Updated 4/25/2020
