             Vroozi Purchase
                 Express
Vroozi Express provides casual users the ability to create requests without having
the need to access ERP platforms and systems while allowing “buy on behalf”
scenarios.




Table of Contents:
User Configuration                                                                   1
   Vroozi Express roles                                                              1
   Create an Employee (Express Shopper)                                              1
      User Creation through Vroozi Purchase                                          1
      Self Registration                                                              2
   Create a Power Shopper                                                            2
   Power Shopper Mapping Rules Management                                            3
   Power Shopper Mapping on Shopping Cart                                            4

Employee (Shopper)                                                                   5
   Shopper Experience                                                                5
   Build a List                                                                      6
   Send Lists to Power Shoppers                                                      6
   Save a List                                                                       7

Power Shopper                                                                        8
   Notifications                                                                     8
   Access Shared Lists                                                               8
   Search & Filter                                                                   9
   Convert List to Cart                                                                  9
   Shared List Rejection Workflow                                                        11
   Add items to Cart or List                                                            13
   Compare Items                                                                        14




U​SER​ C​ONFIGURATION
V​ROOZI​ E​XPRESS​ ​ROLES
Employee:​ Based on the user’s configured content view, a Shopper Express
employee creates shopping lists within Vroozi Purchase.
Power Shopper:​ Completes Shopping lists by converting to carts.

C​REATE​ A
         ​ N​ E​MPLOYEE​ (E​XPRESS​ S​HOPPER​)
There are 2 ways to set up an Express Shopper account; Creating the
user manually through Vroozi Purchase or sending a self registration
link.

User Creation through Vroozi Purchase
   1. Using your Vroozi Purchase login access User set up within
      Master Data
   2. Once logged in, expand the ‘Master Data’ category and select
      ‘Users’
   3. Select ‘Create a new user’ and complete all Basic user information.
   4. Below user information expand the Vroozi Purchase Express category to
      reveal ‘Shopper Express’ and check
      the box next to it. (shown next page)
Note:​ If your buying organization currently
is not using any other aspects of Vroozi
Purchase, this panel should ONLY be used
for creation of Express Shoppers.
   5. *​All details remaining on the user
      creation page are optional.




                                                                       Purchase Express​ ​1
                                                                         Updated 7/27/2020
             While entering the appropriate ‘Content Mapping Group’ is optional, it
             is a best practice for routing conversion of lists to specific people.
   6. Once all required fields are complete, click the blue ‘Save User’ button.
   7. The user will then receive a Registration email asking them to create a
      password.




Self Registration
As configured with the Vroozi Integration team,
Administrators can be provided with a self registration link.
This link can be shared with individuals who will be acting as
Express Shoppers.
   1. The user receives the registration link via email,
      completes all fields and selects to ‘Sign Up.’
   2. This triggers the Registration Notification email.
      Open and select to ‘Activate Account.’ Further details
      on this email can be found in the ​Getting Started with
      Vroozi Purchase Guide​.

C​REATE​ A
         ​ ​ P​OWER​ S​HOPPER
Power Shopper user records may be created in Vroozi Purchase a   ​ head of ​the Power
Shopper accessing smartOCI via their external system. If a Power Shopper accesses
smartOCI ​before this record has been created​ in Vroozi Purchase, Administrators will
again receive email notification that a new user has registered and be asked to
complete any missing data in that user’s record.

The following outlines the process of creating a new Power Shopper record for a
shopper that has not yet accessed the Vroozi Platform.
   1. Select the ‘Create a New User' button.
   2. Complete the required ‘Basic Information”


                                                                      Purchase Express​ ​2
                                                                        Updated 7/27/2020
   3. Select E
             ​ mployee​ and check the ​Power Shopper ​permission box.
Creation of a Power Shopper will not trigger an email notification to the Power
Shopper since he/she will never access ​Vroozi Purchase​.
Update a Power Shopper Record
Any updates to an
existing Power
Shopper record will
trigger a different
destination.
Selecting ‘Send
Confirmation’ will save
the updates and send
the updated
information to your
external system.
See U
    ​ ser Roles Directory​ for further details on role permissions.

P​OWER​ S​HOPPER​ M​APPING​ R​ULES​ M​ANAGEMENT
Improvements have
been introduced to both
the access and
configuration of Power
Shopper Rules.

Vroozi Catalog M​ aster
Administrators upon
navigating to ​smartOCI->Data Mapping->Power Shoppers​ will find a link directing
them to the V
            ​ roozi Purchase A
                             ​ dministrative Panel.

Once the hyperlinked ‘click here’ is selected (shown above), users will be routed to
the Power Shopper Mapping screen in V    ​ roozi Purchase​. Power Shopper
configurations can also be accessed directly within ​Vroozi Purchase​ by accessing
Company->Power Shoppers->Power Shopper Mapping.




                                                                      Purchase Express​ ​3
                                                                        Updated 7/27/2020
Power Shopper Rules can be defined by the following:

   ●   Line Item Type ​(Product, Service , Blanket, Invoice Plan) Multiple types can be
       selected per rule.

   ●   The ​Content Group​ associated to the Shopper Express user, or the Employee

   ●   The ​Company Code​ associated to the Shopper Express user, or the
                                  Requisition Line Item

                                       ● The C
                                             ​ ost Center ​associated to the
                                    Shopper Express user, or the Requisition Line
                                    Item

                                       ● The P​ lant Code​ associated to the Shopper
                                    Express user, or the Requisition Line Item

                                       ●   The associated ​Category(s)​ code

                                       ●   The S
                                               ​ upplier(s) ​associated to the line item

                                       ●   The total line item A
                                                               ​ mount

                                       ●   The C
                                               ​ urrency ​associated to the line item

   ●   The ​Power Shopper

          ○   A single Power Shopper can be associated with multiple mapping rules.

P​OWER​ S​HOPPER​ M​APPING​ ​ON​ S​HOPPING​ C​ART

In addition to enabling S
                        ​ hopper Express​ users to share their cart with a Power
Shopper, rules can be used to allow Employees to submit their Requisition to an
external system and assign to a Power Shopper in that system. For a ​Shopper
Express​ Shopper, when they’re sharing their shopping cart with a Power Shopper,


                                                                       Purchase Express​ ​4
                                                                          Updated 7/27/2020
the list of Power Shoppers they can pick from is going to be based on which
mapping rules are applicable to their current cart.
The rules are evaluated against every single line item in their cart as well ​and a
                                                                                  ​ gainst
the default preferences of the Shopper Express user creating the cart. The Vroozi
system will compare the Content Group, Company Code, Cost Center, and Plant
code criterion from the rules to the Shopper Express user creating the cart. Based on
which rules are applicable to the cart, the system allows the Shopper Express user to
select a Power Shopper to share the cart with.



E​MPLOYEE​ (S​HOPPER​)
S​HOPPER​ E​XPERIENCE
   1. Displays the
      most
      recently
      reviewed
      catalog
      items.
   2. Displays a
      Shopper’s 5​
      most recent
      carts. Each
      row displays
      one cart
      detailing the cart number, the amount and status. Click ‘view more’ to view
      the repository of all carts submitted.
   3. View saved lists and/or create a ‘new list.’
   4. View catalogs and begin adding them to a list.
          ●  Click the star in the top left corner of each supplier
             card to pin it to the top of your Catalog list.
   5. View the entire repository of shared lists. Use the search bar
      to search for a specific list. Search by number, supplier or
      keyword.




                                                                        Purchase Express​ ​5
                                                                           Updated 7/27/2020
B​UILD​ A
        ​ ​ L​IST

Employees can build a shopping list from pre-configured products and services or
forms from contracted and approved suppliers. The products are organized and
defined by the catalogs displayed on the shopper’s homepage. Once a catalogis
selected users can begin viewing and adding items to their list.

Select a catalog card to open and view a specific catalog.




From the catalog view, employees can do the following:

   1. Click an item name to view product specifications
   2. Refine the search criteria
   3. Add the item to their cart
   4. Add the item to a new or existing list template​.


Once you have added items to your list, click the Cart icon in the top corner of your
screen to display your cart items. Here you can update quantity and delete items
from your list.


S​END​ L​ISTS​ T​ O​ P​OWER​ S​HOPPERS
Once the list is ready for review, you are just a few clicks away from sending to a
specified Power Shopper.
   1. Complete all required details and update line items if needed.
   2. Select ‘Submit’.
   3. After clicking
       ‘Submit’ and the
       Requisition is
       finalized​,
       Shoppers are
       prompted to
       select from the




                                                                       Purchase Express​ ​6
                                                                          Updated 7/27/2020
       applicable list of Power Shoppers.




Once a list has been Sent to a Power Shopper it remains in Pending status until
either of the following:
   ●   Pending​ =
                ​ The list has ​not​ yet been added to a cart
   ●   Approved:​ L ​ ist has been added to the Power Shopper’s cart
   ●   Rejected: ​ L
                   ​ ist has been deleted by the Power Shopper

S​AVE​ ​A​ L​IST
Lists for products frequently requested together can be prepared and saved to use
as often as needed. You may create as many lists as you like.
Click the star next to any item to add
that item to the default ‘Favorites’ list
or create a ‘new list’.
If ‘new list’ is selected, you can
customize the list name and/or add the list item to your cart.




                                                                       Purchase Express​ ​7
                                                                          Updated 7/27/2020
P​OWER​ S​HOPPER
N​OTIFICATIONS
Power Shoppers will receive email notification
when a new list is shared with them by an Express
Shopper. The subject line of the email will include
the list's unique document number.
       .

A​CCESS​ S​HARED​ L​ISTS
Upon connecting to Vroozi Catalog, Power
Shoppers may access the lists shared with them via
2 locations on their homepage.

   ●   ‘Information’ bar -​ Located in the center of
       the login page this will indicate the number of lists shared.

   ●   Lists’ icon​ - Located next to the shopping cart icon, the number of shared lists
       awaiting review will also populate.




Once selected, you can view the repository of lists. Click the arrow to the right of
each list to view specific item details. (shown next page)




                                                                       Purchase Express​ ​8
                                                                          Updated 7/27/2020
Note:​ Lists items cannot be edited from this page but can be edited once added to
a cart.

S​EARCH​ & F​ILTER
Use the ‘Filter Lists By’ options to search for lists by specific employee, date, line item
quantity or amount.




C​ONVERT​ L​IST​ ​TO​ C​ART
Power Shoppers wishing to convert a list to cart may do so by selecting ‘Add to Cart’.




                                                                         Purchase Express​ ​9
                                                                            Updated 7/27/2020
You can add as many lists as you choose to a cart before selecting to “Checkout
Now’. Example below shows 1 list already in the cart with another to be added.




Note: ​ T
        ​ he quantity displayed on the cart icon indicates the total number of line
items across all carts. The example below shows a cart with 4 total line items
created from 3 lists.




Once a list(s) has been converted to a cart, you may edit the list items and quantities
(shown next page) before sending that cart to your external system. However, you
may not add items to the list. If wishing to do this, you should either reject the cart
and advise the user to add the appropriate items or create a new cart yourself and
confirm this in the cart rejection note back to the Shopper Express employee.




                                                                     Purchase Express​ ​10
                                                                         Updated 7/27/2020
Multiple lists can be added to one cart. At which point, they will be grouped by
supplier and not by individual list. The Shopper Express user is NOT notified of any of
the described changes at this stage.
Checkout Cart: Select ‘Checkout Now’ to send the cart to your SRM or ERP. (shown
below)




S​HARED​ L​IST​ R​EJECTION​ W​ORKFLOW
Power Shoppers ​are able to return a shared list back to the Shopper Express u
                                                                             ​ ser
when rejecting it.
Rejection selection on the Shared List view:




                                                                      Purchase Express​ ​11
                                                                         Updated 7/27/2020
When rejecting a list, they may also provide notes with details about why the list has
been rejected and the appropriate steps required for approval.
Rejection Note field:




Rejection will trigger an email notification to the Shopper Express ​user ​including any
notes submitted during rejection.




Employees can click ‘View Rejected Cart’ to navigate directly to the rejected list by
clicking the action button included in the email.
Shopper Express Users can view the rejection message within List view. From here,
quantities can be edited, items can be removed. ‘Resubmit List’.




                                                                      Purchase Express​ ​12
                                                                         Updated 7/27/2020
If additional items need to be added to the current ‘Rejected’ List, click the
horizontal ellipsis (shown on right) next to ‘Resubmit List’ to add the items to a new
list.




The updated list can then be resubmitted back to the Power Shopper that originally
rejected it or a new Power Shopper as available in the Power Shopping selection
mapping.

A​DD​ I​ TEMS​ ​TO​ C​ART​ ​OR​ L​IST
Use the search bar or search directly within the supplier catalog listed under
‘Suppliers’ to add items to the new cart created by you.




From the cart view, add items to a cart converted from an employee list by clicking
‘Continue Shopping’. (shown on next page)




                                                                     Purchase Express​ ​13
                                                                         Updated 7/27/2020
C​OMPARE​ I​TEMS
Like items appearing in a search result can be compared.
   1. Check the box next to each item.
   2. When ready select ‘Compare’




   3. At the Comparison view, add selected items to cart or select ‘Back to Search
      Results’. (shown on next page)




                                                                   Purchase Express​ ​14
                                                                       Updated 7/27/2020
