Purchase Express - P
                   ​ ractice Workflow
Follow the outlined steps to gain better knowledge of the Purchase Express
workflow.




  1. Create a Power Shopper​ L ​ ogin to V
                                         ​ roozi Purchase​ and navigate to the 'Users'
     subcategory. Create a Power Shopper.
        ● You will use your email for practice user accounts. To create multiple user
           logins, use your email with “+shopper” or “+powershopper” inserted after
           your email name but before @. For example:
           Spiderman+powershopper@vroozi.com
        ● For ease of use elect to ‘Use email (address) as Username’.




        ●   If you get stuck, reference the Purchase Express Administrator Guide.

  2. Create a Shopper​ Follow the process defined in the Administrator guide to create
     a Power Shopper.
        ● Add the shopper to the same Content Group as the one selected for your
           Power Shopper.




  3. Test your new user logins:​ Creation of each user will trigger a registration
     notification to your email account. One at a time, access each email and follow the
     prompts to create your user account.
        ● SS0 will not be applicable for testing.
        ● If you did not receive the email notifications for either user, go back to the
            user record to confirm the +shopper or +powershopper was inserted
            between your regular email and the @url. See the administrator guide for
            additional information.

  4. Create a Mapping Rule​ Navigate to the Company category where the Power
     Shoppers subcategory is housed. Create a Mapping Rule titled “Testing” that will
     trigger assignment.
      ●   Assign this Mapping rule to the Power Shopper you created in step 1.




      ●   Select a category or supplier that applies to catalogs your users created in
          Steps 1 and 2 will have access to in their Content Group.

4. Shop! ​ Login using your S
                            ​ hopper​ credentials and select at least 2 items to add to
   your List. Complete your list and assign to the Power Shopper created in Step 2.
      ● If you get stuck, reference the Shopper Guide
      ● If the Power Shopper you created in step 1 does not appear in the drop
          down, go back to the Administrator login and review your Mapping Rule.

5. Convert List to Cart​ L
                         ​ ogin using your ​Power Shopper​ credentials. (Created in Step
   1) Reject one item from the Shopper’s list and accept the remaining items. Convert
   the accepted items to a Cart and select Checkout Now.

      ●   Since SOCI is not connected to your external system, once ‘Checkout now’ is
          selected the testing of this workflow will be complete.
      ●   If you get stuck, reference the Power Shopper Guide.
