Create a Custom Field
Create a custom field at the line item or document level. Configurations can be found in
the Administrator panel under D ​ ocuments -> Custom Fields. ​All existing custom fields can
be updated, deleted or inactivated from this view.


P​ROCESS​:
To get started ‘Create a Custom Field’. The following steps will require review or
completion. Global
Custom Fields can be
created and added to
Vroozi transactional
documents
(Requisition, Purchase
Order, Invoice, Goods
Receipt, Goods Return).

To set up a Custom
field the following steps
will require review or
completion.

   1. Complete the name & type of custom field.
   2. Select ‘Type’. ​See last page for details on ‘List’ type.




   3. Decide when and how the Custom View is seen.
        ● ‘Required’: S ​ et a Requirement for the
            Custom field based on Supplier or
            Category(s). Once toggled on, select from
            existing master data.




                                                                                           1
   4. ‘Associate Custom Field to Line Items’​: Make the custom field visible on ​ALL​ line
      items.




   5. ‘Associate Custom Field to Documents’​: Select which documents you want to
      apply the custom field requirements/settings to.

      Alternatively, custom fields not associated at configuration can be associated with a
      particular document type by selecting ‘Associate Custom Field’ within that
      document’s listed custom fields.




Custom Field ​List​ Default
If List is selected as a Custom Field Type, Administrators may elect to designate a default
List type for that particular custom field.

Click the arrow displayed to the right of the Custom
Field ‘List’ Type selection.

Enter List Values. Once completed select the Default
Value at the top of the screen. Once selection has
been entered. Click ‘Submit’.

Any Custom fields associated with a document type
will also then display within that document types
sub-classification.




                                                                                              2
