Design your ​Financial Approval
Workflow

Configure a financial approval workflow through the creation of Approvers and Workflow
settings in the Master Administrator panel.


Workflows allow organizations to create a global approach to requisition approval;
selecting a single approver based on Requisition amount and Approver Limit or setting a
series of approval escalations based on dollar amount.

Create Approvers
   1. Create any approvers you wish to utilize in the workflow. M
                                                                ​ aster Data >Users.

   2. Within each Approver’s user record, under ‘Approval Settings’ designate the
      ‘Approval Limit’ for each approver and select
      ‘Next Approver.’

         ✓ When first creating your approval chain,
           it’s best to start backwards; creating or
           updating your top approver (person with the highest Approval Limit) and
           then move backwards to the next highest and so on. This approach allows
           for easy retrieval of ‘Next Approver’ because the Approver is already in the
           system.

Staircase Workflow:
Create an upward review of a requisition ensuring individuals in
different departments or levels of responsibility can sign off on
spend. The number of approvers in the staircase is based on the
requisition amount and ‘Approval Limit’ set for each Approver.
                       Example: ​ S
                                  ​ taircase Approval workflow view
                       from a submitted requisition.​ James’ approval limit is $500, Carol’s
                       Approval Limit is $2,000 and Sarah’s approval limit is $5,000. The
                       requisition submitted for approval is $2,659. (​ shown on left)
                          ✓ In this example the submitted requisition will first be sent to
                       James to Review. If approved, it will go to the next approver; Carol
                       Tester.​ (James’ view shown on the next page)




                                                                                               1
Spend Limit Workflow:
Workflow enables a 1​ ​stop approval process based on requisition amount. The system will
automatically bypass any approvers set with a lower approval threshold and send the
requisition to the approver’s whose threshold limit is not exceeded
by the requisition amount.
      Example:​ ​ S
                  ​ pend Limit Approval workflow view from a
      submitted requisition.
          ✓ In the example below, Carol Tester’s account designates
            Sarah Burns as the next approver for requisitions
            beyond $2,000. Using a Spend Limit Workflow, the requisition for $2,659.00
            will go directly to Sarah.




          ✓ Sarah’s requisition approval limit is $5,000 which stops the requisition from
            needing to go to the next approver. It
            will start and stop with her. (​ Sarah’s
            user record shown on right)


Fallback Approver
Regardless of if/how ‘Out Of Office’ functionality is enabled, all organizations will have the
option to set a Fallback Approver from the list of users with
Approver credentials.
A designated Fallback Approver will catch any requisitions that
have bypassed approval within any workflows.


                                                                                             2
