       Outstanding PO
     Quantities and Values
     Using AP Analytics to report Outstanding PO Quantities and Values




Table of Contents:
Using Reporting for Outstanding PO Quantities and Values​                            2
   Using Filters​                                                                    2
      Purchase Orders Received Status​                                               3
      Invoiced Status​                                                               4
      Order Type​                                                                    4
   Fields that Report Outstanding Quantities and Values for PO lines​                5
      Examples​                                                                      5




                                                                         AP Analytics 1

                                                                 Last Update 03/07/2023
USING REPORTING FOR OUTSTANDING PO QUANTITIES AND
VALUES
PO lines that have outstanding quantities and values (ie: yet to be received or
invoiced) can be filtered from the report PO Received Not Invoiced (RNI).




There are 24 available filters to assist finding a PO located on the right of the screen
or by clicking on the ‘filters’ logo (    ) in the top right hand corner.


Users can also select the ‘Information’ icon (  ) in the top right corner for further
information/explanations (ie. Received Status and Invoice Status).




                                                                             AP Analytics 2

                                                                     Last Update 03/07/2023
USING FILTERS
Purchase Orders Received Status




   ●​ Confirmed_Full indicates the POs that have been fully received and there is
      no outstanding left.

   ●​ Confirmed_Partial indicates the POs that have an outstanding quantity to be
      received. Similarly if there are Service POs, this will indicate all those POs that
      have an outstanding service.

   ●​ Unconfirmed indicates the POs that have no receipt.

Users will filter the report using these Purchase Orders received statuses




                                                                             AP Analytics 3

                                                                     Last Update 03/07/2023
Invoiced Status
Users can add more filters to show outstanding values and quantities.




   ●​ Invoiced_Full indicates that the PO item(s) have been fully invoiced for all
      quantities.

   ●​ Invoiced_Partial indicates that POs have an outstanding quantity to be
      invoiced.

   ●​ No_Invoice indicates that no items in the PO have been invoiced.

Order Type




   ●​ InvoicePlan is used for POs where invoicing has been scheduled overtime
      rather than upon receiving goods/services.

   ●​ Blanket is used for POs with repeated purchasing of goods/services over a
      period of time before knowing quantity or dates.

                                                                          AP Analytics 4

                                                                   Last Update 03/07/2023
   ●​ Standard is used for POs with known quantities/services upfront.

   ●​ Stock is used for POs ordering goods for inventory (stock/storage).

FIELDS THAT REPORT OUTSTANDING QUANTITIES AND VALUES
FOR PO LINES

This Dashboard has two fields that will provide the outstanding quantities and values
for POs:

     ●​ Outstanding Qty (to be received)
          ○​ The formula for a PO Item   Qty Ordered - (Qty Received - Qty
             Returned)
     ●​ Remaining Amount (to be invoiced).
           ○​ The formula for a PO Item      Outstanding Qty x UnitPrice

Examples

   ●​ PO: 2000000025 has 6 items, 1st item was fully received and fully invoiced,
      other 5 items are not received yet.




                                                                            AP Analytics 5

                                                                  Last Update 03/07/2023
●​ PO: 2000000113 has 1 item, 1st item was fully received then partially returned
   and invoiced. The remaining state of PO items:




                                                                      AP Analytics 6

                                                               Last Update 03/07/2023
