Purchase Order Change Request
(POCR)
The POCR functionality allows a range of modifications to be made to an existing
Purchase Order (PO). Changes to a PO may be necessary based on supplier
communication or updates to internal organizational needs.



POCR S​ETTINGS​:
POCR permissions are defined through the enablement of global settings.
Administrators identify which changes or combinations of changes can be made to
a PO. POCR permissions can be defined by:

   ●   Product Type: Materials, Services, Blanket, Invoice

   ●   Header level & Line Item Level permissions

   ●   Requisition Type: Catalog & Non-Catalog permissions

POCR’s can be performed when a PO is in any of following Statuses:

   1. Ordered
   2. Partially Confirmed (Available in Supplier)
   3. Shipped
   4. Confirmed
   5. Received
   6. Invoiced

POCR will NOT be allowed for the following PO Statuses:

   1. SUBMITTED
   2. PAID

NOTE:​ ​ An Administrator can complete a POCR on behalf of a Requester as long as
the PO is in a state that allows a Change Request.

C​REATE​ A
         ​ ​ PO C​HANGE​ R​EQUEST​:
Retrieve the Purchase Order requiring a change. PO's in 'Invoiced' Or Received'
status cannot have POCRs performed agains them.

   1. Click on the PO # link.
   2. Click on the blue FAB button located in the bottom
       right corner of      the PO display screen.

   3. Click ‘Change Order’ (shown on right)
   4. The PO is now ready to be edited based on editing permissions defined for
      your organization.

   5. Add any additional information.

   6. Click ‘Submit’.

   7. The ​Change Request​ will
      generate a new Request
      document. The new request can
      be viewed from the ‘Related
      Documents’.

         ➢ The change request
           document generated via the POCR process will go through any defined
           sourcing or financial approval workflows. The change summary will
           display all changes made to the PO, including field-level changes
           displaying the before and after values or assignments. (shown below)

   8. Once the Change Request is approved by the approver(s), the original PO is
      updated with the new changes. While the document will retain the same PO
      number a new version number will appear in the PO header. (shown below)

         ➢ NotIfication that the POCR has been approved will be sent via email.




Your suppliers will receive an email notification confirming what changes have been
made. At that time, cXML enable or Supplier Portal suppliers can again confirm or
dispute the PO at the header or line item level.

The Purchase Order history trail from creation to
current status (shown on right) can be accessed
in the PO’s action panel. From the history trail,
users can drill down to view the line-item level
changes made to the document, including
field-level changes for edited items.




                                                                                   ​2
