PO Failure
Grab & Go covering why POs fail and what next steps are required when they do.




How will I know a PO has failed?

Each time a PO fails the Vroozi system automatically creates a support ticket. Our
support team will review the error message and escalate. The escalation will vary
based on error type. Requisition originators and Administrators can view ‘Failed’ POs
from the ‘PO Status’ view.

If the PO fails based on a connection error:

The Vroozi team will fix the connection and resend the PO to the supplier. No action
is required by either the PO Originator or the Vroozi Administrator.




If the PO fails due to missing information in Master data, the supplier record or
the PO line items:

Your Vroozi Administrator may need to make applicable changes to the Master Data
setup based on the specific error messages. Once complete, the PO Requester will
need to access the original Requisition, create a copy, fix any missing information (if
applicable) and then submit the new Requisition. Once the Requisition completes
any required approvals, it will now successfully convert to a PO.




                                                                                       1
How can I track failed POs?

Through ‘PO Processing Status’ in the Buy Route category of the Administrator
panel, administrators can elect to receive PO Status reports on either a ​Daily, Twice
Daily, Weekly​ or ​Monthly​ basis.




The email recipient for the ‘Subscribe to the PO Transmission Report’ will default to
the admin logged in unless edited. (shown below) Only one email can be entered to
receive this report.




Can I resend a Failed PO?

No, customers are unable to resend failed POs. In the event of a connection failure,
Vroozi will resend the failed PO. All other failed POs will remain in ‘Failed’ Status. If




                                                                                            2
How do C
       ​ opy​ a Requisition?
From the Requisition, select ‘Copy’ at the bottom of the Approved document.




                                                                              3
