   PO Output Configuration When
   the Supplier Output Method is
              Missing
The Purchase Request (PR) and Purchase Order (PO) configuration options for PO
Output enable Admins to configure the process and controls for cases when the PO
Output method is missing from the Supplier master record. We know that for some
companies missing PO Output is an error, but in other cases that triggers an internal
process to output the order, or it could be a PO in place for invoice matching. To
configure how you want to control for the case when the PO Output method is
missing, we delivered the following configuration options.

   ●   Purchase Request
          ○ Allow PR Submission without Supplier Output Method
                ■ Allow creation of auto-generated POs in the PENDING OUTPUT
                  state (Note, this is only an option when “Allow PR Submission
                  without Supplier Output Method” is turned ON)
                      ● Off: will create POs in the status “Pending Output”
                      ● On: will automatically create POs in the “Ordered” status
          ○ Allow PR Submissions to Ad-Hoc email address when Supplier Output
            Method is not given (Note, this is only an option when “Allow PR
            Submission without Supplier Output Method” is turned ON)
                ■ Allow Requesters to transmit POs that are in PENDING OUTPUT
                  (Note, this is only an option when “Allow PR Submissions to
                  Ad-Hoc email address when Supplier Output Method is not
                  given” is turned ON)
                      ● Without an email address the system will
                             ○ Off: create POs in “Pending Output” status
                             ○ On: create POs in “Ordered” status
                              ●   Purchase Order
                                     ○ Allow PO Submissions without Supplier Output Method
                                     ○ Allow PO Submissions to Ad-hoc email address



                           Purchase Requests

                           Controls the ability to submit Purchase Requests and the Requester activities when
                           the PO Output method is missing from the supplier master record.



Configuration                                 Result                                              PO Status

Allow PR Submission without Supplier Output       ●    Requesters can submit the Purchase         Configurable:
Method                                                 Request                                    PO in status “Pending Output” or
                                                  ●    They will see a notification that the PO   New (September 2023 Release): PO in
                                                       Output is missing.                         “Ordered” status

Allow PR Submissions to Ad-Hoc email              1. Requester can enter an email address           1. With email output - PO sent to email
address when Supplier Output Method is not           and submit                                        address. PO Status is “Ordered”
given*                                            2. Continue without an email address              2. Configurable: Without an email address
                                                                                                       - PO is created in “Pending Output”
                                                                                                       status or New (September 2023
                                                                                                       Release): PO is created in “Ordered”
                                                                                                       status

Both toggles are off                          Requesters are not able to submit Purchase          N/A
                                              Requests


                           *Requesters need to be enabled in their user profile to allow the user to specify
                           ad-hoc PO output by checking “Specify Ad-hoc PO Output”



                           POs in the new status “Pending Output”

                           This status is applied to Purchase Requests that would have gone out AutoPO
                           (automatically generated POs from approved Purchase Requests), but could not be
                           output due to the missing output method. Please note that Purchase Orders in
                           “Pending Output” will need to be processed by Requesters, Buyers, or Admins.

                              ●   If Requesters are not enabled for ad-hoc email, then they can “Save Final PO”
                                  to update the status from “Pending Output” to “Ordered”. The order will not
                                  be sent to suppliers (ie: there is no output method).
                              ●   If Requesters are able to add ad-hoc emails, then they can add the email
                                  address and submit. The PO status changes to “Ordered”. Purchase Orders
                                  are sent to the ad hoc email address.



                           Buy Route

                           Please note, that if you are using Buy Route, then the behavior is different because
                           the Buyer role processes orders. In Buy Route, Purchase Orders will be created in
                           “Draft” status for buyers to process. Also, the ad-hoc email is not applicable because
                           buyers provide the output method.



                           Purchase Orders

                           Controls the ability to submit Purchase Orders and update PO status when the PO
                           Output method is missing from the supplier master record.



Configuration                                 Result                                               PO Activities and Status

Allow PO Submissions without Supplier         PO is set up for internal processes (eg: print, or      ●   PO status is “Ordered”
Output Method                                 2- and 3-way match). POs are ordered, but no            ●   PO Notification Email is sent to the
                                              order is sent to the supplier (ie: no output                buyer with PO attachment
                                              method is defined).

Allow PO Submissions to Ad-hoc email          Users with access to POs have the option to          On “Submit” in the PO, the user either:
address**                                     add or change the email address for the PO             1. Enters an email address and selects
                                              output in the PO.                                          “Send PO to Supplier”. PO status
                                                                                                         changes to “Ordered” and sent to the
                                                                                                         email address.
                                                                                                     2. Selects “Save as Final. The order is not
                                                                                                         sent to the supplier, but the PO status
                                                                                                         changes to “Ordered”

Both toggles are off                          PO is blocked from being submitted                   PO status is “Pending Output”


                           ** Orders with PO Output identified in the supplier master record can be changed by
                           buyers.
