PR Creation via Bulk Upload (Bill of Materials) File

Table of Contents:
Bulk File Creation                                                                     1

File Specifications                                                                    2

Bulk Upload Process                                                                    3
   Upload Progress                                                                     3
   View the Downloaded PR                                                             4
   Successful Bulk file Upload                                                        4
   Failed Bulk file upload                                                             4
   Documentation of Split Accounting at the Line Item                                  5
       Split Accounting Process                                                        5




Bulk Files
A comprehensive list of parts, items and other materials required to create a product
or fulfill large order requirements. This list once uploaded will auto create a Purchase
Requisition. Items contained in a Bulk Upload may include internal catalog and free
text supplier items or services.



Bulk File Creation
Using the B
          ​ ulk Upload Template​, add data indicated as a required field (marked in
peach)
   ● Use the ‘Bulk Upload
      Instructions’ tab within this
      document to help guide
      completion.

   ●   For Catalog line items only 3
                                   ​
       fields are required;

          ✓ Item_number




                                                                                       1
          ✓ item_id

          ✓ quantity

   ● For non-catalog line items, an employee must provide as much of the
       material/service information as possible, as this will help build out the line
       item information the supplier requires to fulfill the order.

   ● The Upload file must be saved as a .csv or a .xlsx for the system to accept it.

*Line item limit is 1,000.

 Note:​ Employees can manipulate (remove) any columns that are not required.
 The columns can also be reordered.




File Specifications
   ●   Requester Name​ ​only needs to be entered once for Item #1. Unless it changes
       the remaining rows can be left blank. They will inherit the same Name.
   ●   Shipping address i​ f left blank will default to the Requester’s default shipping
       address.
          ○ Will inherit all other contact details set in employee defaults. (attn,
               email, phone, number)
          ○ Each address can have its own ‘attn’
          ○ Each ​ship to address​ ​requires its own row even if the line item is the
               same.
   ●   Price​ cannot be changed in the Bulk Upload for catalog items.
          ○ Should only be entered for free text items included in the upload.
   ●   Per Quote​ - Specify Price cannot be done in the bulk file, must be manually
       edited.
   ●   Tax codes and Tax Values w     ​ ill be auto-calculated for organizations using a
       tax connector.
   ●   Shipping Charges​ may be added if known. Shipping charges will not be
       auto-calculated post upload.
   ●   Validity Period (to-from) ​designates the specific period the services are
       approved for. If left blank at the file, employee will be prompted to enter the
       service date.
   ●   Delivery Date ​unless entered will default to Supplier lead team configured in
       the Supplier Record




                                                                                        2
If changes are required to an item(s) in the bulk file, they can be manually edited at
the Requisition draft. Alternatively, employees can change the bulk file and
re-upload.

Bulk Upload Process
   1. Select ‘Bulk Upload’




   2. Upload using drag and drop or selecting ‘Line Item Bulk Upload’ to open the
       standard file selection utility. (shown below)
          ○ Compatible files will end in ​.xlsx​, .​ xls​, or ​.csv​.
          ○ Only 1 file can be uploaded at a time




   3. Once the document is successfully uploaded the file name will appear and the
      ‘Create Purchase Request’ button will become enabled. (shown below)
   4. Tracking widget pictured below will be visible in the bottom right corner of
      your screen, displaying the number of files being processed with status
      messages.
   5. Users can browse the application during upload and will be notified upon
      completion or if there are any errors.

UPLOAD PROGRESS
   ●   The tracker will also have a minimized state, where the employee will only see
       the blue header, with a count of the files being worked on.
   ●   The employee will only be able to dismiss


                                                                                         3
       the tracker from the screen, once all files in the queue have finished
       processing. And have either been converted into a PR successfully or have
       failed processing. The tracker will also indicate if the PR upload was successful,
       partially successful or failed to load.
   ●   The tracker will provide the employee with a direct link to the newly created
       PR, and if applicable, it will also provide a link to the error report.


Note: ​ ​Multiple files can be uploaded in succession Each of which will result in a
new PR being created. The tracker will display progress for each file currently
being updated.




VIEW THE DOWNLOADED PR
Once processing is complete, employees will be able to open the newly created PR
by clicking on the success notification.


SUCCESSFUL BULK FILE UPLOAD
Selecting a file that has been successfully
converted to a PR, will take the employee
to the relevant PR.

For successful PR creation, the employee
that uploaded the file will receive an email letting them know that the PR was
created. The employee will be able to access the PR from this email. If the employee
is not currently logged into the application, in the same browser, they will be asked
to authenticate themselves.


FAILED BULK FILE UPLOAD
Click on D​ ownload Error Report​, to
download and view the error report.
(shown on the next page) Employees will
also receive an email notifying them their
file did not pass validation.

They will be able to access the PDF error report from this email. The employee will
not be asked to reauthenticate, in order to see the error report.


                                                                                       4
The system will create a partial PR with the line items that were successfully loaded.

The Requester has the option to fix the errors encountered within the partially
created PR or by making the changes directly to the Bulk template and reloading
the template.


Note:​ Re-uploading the Bulk template will create a new PR document.



DOCUMENTATION OF SPLIT ACCOUNTING AT THE LINE ITEM
Account Assignment Distribution can be split 1 of 3 ways:
   1. Select Split Account Assignment Distribution
          ●   By Quantity (Column U)
          ●   By Value (Column V)
          ●   By Percent (Column W)




Split Accounting Process
   1. Enter the line item number and complete all r​ equired fields​ for that line item



                                                                                          5
      ●   Leave Columns T-W and all accounting segments blank as these will be
          completed in the following rows.
2. In the rows directly below the line item, leave all columns blank except for the
   Split Accounting details.
       ● A new line item number should not be entered. To link the split item
          specifications, do not enter a line item number for these rows. Instead
          scroll over the split item columns. In the original template these are
          columns U-X.
       ● Regardless of which split type (quantity, percentage or value) is
          assigned, at least 2 rows will be designated for the split details.
             ○ A line item being split 3 ways will use the preceding 3 lines to
                  enter the value and accounting segments.




3. In column “T” enter the item number the split account will correspond to.
       ● Example below demonstrates the split accounting for line item 1 and a
          split quantity of 2 .




4. Once the values for the split type are entered, the applicable accounting
   segments for each split must be completed.




5. Enter all other bulk upload items.




                                                                                  6
