Requester/Buyer Document Statuses

REQUEST STATUS

Draft:        The Requisition has been opened and saved but not yet submitted.


Pending:      Awaiting review by one or several financial Approvers.


Approved:     Auto or manually approved (via approval workflow) and successfully
              converted into a PO.

Attention:    Requisition did not convert to PO. It has been rejected at the Requisition
              level and returned back to Requester by approver(s) for changes. The
              Requester may either edit and resubmit (if allowed) or copy the
              requisition, make changes to the new version and resubmit.

Sourcing      Requisition has been sent to Sourcing Approver(s) for review. Once
Approval      approved, the requisition will move on to financial approval (if defined) or
              convert to a PO.



PO STATUS
Processing:   PO is in the process of being sent to the Supplier.


Processing    PO failed to reach the supplier(s). Review PO receipt settings in the
Failed:       supplier record.


Canceled:     The PO has been c ​ ancelled​ by the supplier. Contact the supplier directly
              with specific questions regarding the cancellation.


Confirmed:    The PO has been c
                              ​ onfirmed​ by the supplier.


Partially     This indicates the supplier has confirmed one or more but not all PO items.
Confirmed     See Confirmed PO for specific details.


Disputed:     The PO has been d ​ isputed​ by the supplier. ‘Partially Disputed’ indicates
              the supplier has disputed one or more but not all PO items. An Item
              ‘Dispute’ may not indicate that items will never be received but rather that
              a detail regarding the line item needs to be changed; delivery date, price,
              quantity etc. See disputed PO for specific details. Contact suppliers directly
              with specific dispute questions.
Partially      The supplier has disputed one or more but not all PO items. See ‘Disputed’
Disputed       field for further details.


*Rejected:     The PO has been rejected by the Supplier. See Supplier for additional
               details regarding the rejection.


Submitted:     The Supplier has confirmed the PO by selecting Confirm PO from the PO
               email notification email. This status is only visible if ‘Supplier Provides PO
               Acknowledgement is enabled at the Supplier Record. This status does not
               apply to Supplier Portal customers.


Ordered:       Requisition has been approved and been successfully submitted to supplier(s).
               Receipt of Goods has not been confirmed.

Order          The PO failed to reach the supplier(s). Contact your system administrator
Failed:        to review transmission setup.

Received:      All items in the PO have been confirmed via a Goods Receipt. Partially
               received POs will remain as O
                                           ​ rdered​ until the PO is closed or Goods receipt
               is complete.


Invoiced:      Invoice processed and P
                                     ​ osted i​ n Vroozi Invoice.


Paid:          Invoices posted and paid.


*Statuses that apply exclusively to customers using the Vroozi Supplier Portal.


RECEIPT STATUS
Ready to       The receipt of PO goods/services has not been confirmed.
Receive:


In Progress:   A Goods Receipt has been drafted but is not yet completed.


Received:      The receipt of goods has been confirmed via the completion of a goods
               receipt


Returned:      The receipt of goods has been confirmed a
                                                       ​ nd​ a Goods Return has been
               created against that receipt.




                                                                                      Status Guide 2
                                                                                                   ​
