Utilize ​Out of Office F
                       ​ unctionality
Design an ​Out of Office​ workflow that makes sense for your organization's process’.



Enable Out of Office
Allow your Sourcing and Financial Approvers to manage their ​Out of Office​ messaging
and if desired designate an approver to act on their behalf for a specified period of time.
   1. Found in the Master Administrator panel
         ➢ Documents >Workflows >
             Request Approval
             Workflow​ (toggle on)
   2. Toggle on E
                ​ nable Out of Office
      for Approvers

      Approver’s profile with ‘Out of Office’ toggle:
      Once enabled, each individual approver can design how to forward their approvals
      during an absence:




Select ‘​ Next Approver’
If selected the document will be sent to the individual identified as ‘Next Approver’ in the
original Approver’s user record.




      Approver’s User Record:



                                                                                               1
Select ‘​ Specific Approver’
If selected and your organization is using a Staircase approval, you can manually select
another approver.




Select ‘​ Do Not Forward’
Unless ‘Approval Forwarding’ is enabled as a global setting, an approver can select to hold
approvals until he/she returns to approve.



Approval Forwarding
Specify the rules for how approval requests should be forwarded.
Administrators can specify the number of days a Requisition* should be allowed to sit
dormant with an approver before the system automatically forwards it to the next
approver in the chain.
   ●   The ‘Approval Forwarding’
       toggle only applies to
       Requisitions. All other approval
       types will not be affected.
Alternatively, Administrators can specify how many times an Approver should be
reminded about a pending request before it is forwarded to the next approver.
   ●   Select ‘Number of contact attempts’
          ➢ Enter number of days and intervals between days.




                                                                                           2
