        Vroozi Supplier Discovery
                                     Guide
Vroozi Supplier Discovery ​empowers maximum customization according to your
organization’s unique business needs, branding and workflow. The app’s
geo-location capabilities allow employees to locate valid suppliers within a certain
distance of remote projects or disparate locations, and its mobile-readiness brings a
new level of efficiency, ease and accessibility to business tasks anywhere. The secure
Cloud directory can intelligently promote suppliers within a given geography in a
visual, paper-free and enticing way.

Discovery​ can be used as a standalone tool to identify suppliers and contract status
or as a companion to the ​Vroozi Purchase ​module.




Table of Contents:
Discovery Configuration                                                                    3
   Settings                                                                                3
      Email Settings                                                                       3
      Background Image                                                                     4
      Company Settings                                                                     4
      License Agreement                                                                    5

Master Data                                                                                5
  Users                                                                                    5
      Discovery User Types                                                                 6
   Suppliers                                                                               6
      Create a Supplier                                                                    7
          Basic Info                                                                       7
          Business Info                                                                    8



                                                                   Vroozi Discovery Guide ​ 1
        Contract Terms                                           9
        Insurance Info                                          10
  Supplier Attributes                                           10
  Supplier Categories                                            11
  Payment Terms                                                 13
  Contract Terms                                                13
  Contract Status                                               14
  Supplier Discovery Locations                                  14
  Guidelines                                                    15
  Project                                                       16
  Announcements                                                 17
  EF Workflow Group                                             18

Exception Forms                                                 19
   EF Approvals                                                 19
     Approving an Exception Form                                19

Workflows                                                      20
  Registration                                                 20
  Logging in                                                    21
  View Sourcing Guidelines                                      21
  Supplier Search                                               21
  Create & Access Bookmarked Suppliers                         23
  Create EF                                                    24
     Supplier Relations                                        24
     Competitive Bids                                          25
  EF Status                                                    25
  EF Status Changes                                            26
  Run Reports                                                  26
  Accessing Announcements                                      28




                                         Vroozi Discovery Guide ​ 2
Discovery Configuration
S​ETTINGS
The Settings allows you to brand your user’s Discovery experience.

Email Settings
Create, customize and save your Welcome and Support email responses.




   1.   Module Type: B ​ egin by selecting the module. Customizations here can be
        applied to both ​Vroozi Purchase​ and ​Discovery​.




   2. Email Type: ​Select the type of email to customize. Types listed in this drop
      down will be unique to each customer based on your use case.




   3. Subject: C ​ ustomize the email subject line
   4. Email Title: ​Enter a name to save the email template under
   5. SSO Button Label:​ If using Single Sign-On enter the button label users will
      click to access.



                                                                     Vroozi Discovery Guide ​ 3
   6. SSO Button Link: ​ Enter the SSO link that will connect your users to Vroozi.
   7. Email Message: ​Create a customized message for new users accessing Vroozi
   8. Customer Support Message: C   ​ reate a customized support message for your
      non-Administrator users. This message is independent of the fields defined
      above.




Background Image
Customize your URL
and user homepage.
   1. Enter the word(s)
      you’d like to
      appear at the end
      of the Discovery
      URL.
   2. Select your own
      brand image for
      the user login
      page.
   3. Select your own brand image for the user dashboard.

Tip! B
     ​ efore moving on, be sure to click ‘Save’ found below this field. Log out and log
back in to see your dashboard and url updates.




Company Settings
Settings -> Company Settings

Select the global settings for Supplier Discovery.



                                                                    Vroozi Discovery Guide ​ 4
   1. Supplier Discovery: N  ​ ame your instance of Vroozi Discovery.
   2. Project Label Name: R    ​ ename Projects to fit your business case.
   3. SSO Login Button Label: C    ​ ustomize the button label that a user will click
      when accessing Vroozi
      Discovery from the
      landing page.
   4. SSO Login Button
      Link: ​Enter the unique
      URL. This would be
      provided by the vroozi
      implementation team.
   5. Sourcing Email:
      Determine where questions regarding sourcing and suppliers should be
      directed to once a user selects ‘Contact Sourcing.’ You may select multiple
      user emails. In this case each user would receive a user’s email. This field is not
      visible to Discovery Administrators.




License Agreement
Enter any licensing information you would like your users to be aware of.




Master Data
U​SERS
Create and manage users from this subcategory.



                                                                     Vroozi Discovery Guide ​ 5
Discovery User Types
   1. Administrator
         ● Vroozi Discovery administrator will have access to Master Data
             configurations specific to Vroozi Discovery. This administrator role may
             also be defined as a Vroozi Purchase Administrator
   2. Power User: ​May view suppliers in a  ​ ll​ locations defined at the administrative
      level.
   3. Basic User: ​May view suppliers o​ nly​ in the location that user has been
      assigned to at their user record.

Permission available to both Power and Basic Users:
         ● Allow EF approvals: This allows the user to create an ​Exception
            Request.​)

S​UPPLIERS
Create and manage your supplier records from this subcategory.




                                                                      Vroozi Discovery Guide ​ 6
Create a Supplier
   1. Select to ‘Create a New Supplier’



   2. Populate Supplier tabs with applicable information. The Business, Contract
      and Insurance Info entered will be visible on the Supplier record.




Basic Info
Buying organizations using only Vroozi Discovery: The following fields must be
completed:
         ● Name
         ● Vendor ID
         ● Address
         ● Phone Number
         ● Language
         ● ‘Supplier Discovery’ Toggle - must be turned on. (shown on right)


Note: ​Buying organizations using ​Vroozi Discovery w
                                                    ​ ith other Vroozi modules will
need to update additional toggles on this tab. Toggles will vary based on your
Master Data configurations and business workflow needs. Please see the ​Vroozi
Purchase Administrator Guide ​for further details.




                                                                 Vroozi Discovery Guide ​ 7
Business Info
None of the details listed in this tab are required. They do however enrich the
information your users will have access to when selecting a supplier.




Payment Terms
  ● Associated Payment Terms to each supplier. Payment Terms are created with
    the Master Data category.

Categories
   ● Associate each Supplier to a specific category(s). When a user searches by
     category all associated Suppliers will appear. (shown below)




Description



                                                                   Vroozi Discovery Guide ​ 8
   ●   Content entered here is often provided by the Supplier but can of course be
       customized for your specific business needs. The descriptions will then be
       listed with the other Supplier information during a Supplier search.




Search Keywords
   ● Associate keywords to each supplier. Keywords can be used by your end users
      during a Supplier Discovery Search.




   ●   User view of a keyword search for “chair”:




Contract Terms
Like ‘Business Info’, none of the information listed in this tab is required. It is a best
practice to update ‘Contract Status’, ‘Effective Date of Agreement’, ‘​ Contract Terms’​.



                                                                       Vroozi Discovery Guide ​ 9
The specific contract or other contractual documents can be attached for easy
reference.


 Note:​ Any information entered here, will be viewable by your users.




Insurance Info
Like ‘Contract Info’, none of the information listed in this tab is required. It does
however, enrich the information your Basic and Power Users have access to.



S​UPPLIER​ A​TTRIBUTES
Direct spend to specific types of providers or social causes by creating attributes that
can then be assigned to suppliers.




                                                                      Vroozi Discovery Guide ​ 10
   1. Select the ‘Name’ users will
      see when selecting to
      search by that attribute.
   2. ‘Status’ will default to Active
      but may be set as Inactive at
      any time during creation or
      post creation.
   3. Write a brief attribute
      ‘Description’.
   4. Select a pre-populated icon
      or upload your own.


Note:​ ​ As shown below if the
supplier(s) that you would like to associate to the attribute have already been
created you can assign them to the attribute at the creation screen.




S​UPPLIER​ C​ATEGORIES
Allow for Supplier searching by Category! Once created, categories can be
associated with Supplier r​ ecords​.

Any Supplier created in Vroozi Purchase Master Data table with Supplier Discovery
toggle turned on will display.
Create and manage supplier categories.




                                                                  Vroozi Discovery Guide ​ 11
Create Categories
   1. Select Type; Level 1, 2 or 3.

          ✓ A ​Level 2​ category is a subcategory associated with a Level 1 category.

                 ●   Example: Level 1 (parent) category is “Marketing” and the Level 2
                     (child) category could be “Materials”.

          ✓ Level 3​ category is a subcategory associated with a Level 2 and Level 1
            category.

                 ●   Example: Level 1 (parent)
                     category is “Marketing” and
                     the Level 2 (child) category
                     could be “Materials” and the
                     Level 3 category is
                     “Brochures.”

          ✓ Note: ​ A Level 1 category with
            “subcategories” cannot be deleted
            until the level 2 or 3 categories are
            deleted or assigned to a different
            category.

   2. Enter ‘Company Label’. This will be a
      category assignment displayed on any supplier record associated with it.

   3. Enter ‘Category Code’.

   4. Enter ‘Company Category Code’.

   5. Enter a brief description.

Saved Categories can then be associated with a particular supplier on the supplier
record. (shown on right)
Suppliers may be associated
with multiple categories.




                                                                   Vroozi Discovery Guide ​ 12
Your users can then search for suppliers associated to a specific category. (next
page)




P​AYMENT​ T​ERMS
Create and manage Payment Terms.




Active Payment Terms can be associated with a particular supplier on the supplier
record. (shown below)




C​ONTRACT​ T​ERMS
Create and manage Contract Terms from this view.



                                                                   Vroozi Discovery Guide ​ 13
Once created, contract terms can be selected and applied to Supplier records on the
Contract Terms tab.




C​ONTRACT​ S​TATUS
Create and manage Contract Statuses from this subcategory. Once created,
Contract Status can be
selected and applied to
Supplier records on the
‘Contract Info’ tab.

   ●   Only statuses listed as
       ‘Active’ can be selected
       on the supplier record.




S​UPPLIER​ D​ISCOVERY​ L​OCATIONS
Allow your users to search by location!

Create and manage ‘Locations’ from this subcategory. Once created, Locations can
be selected and applied to Supplier records on the ‘Basic Info’ tab. Once created,



                                                                Vroozi Discovery Guide ​ 14
locations can be associated with your suppliers. Only locations listed as ‘Active’ can
be selected on the supplier record.




G​UIDELINES
Customize the terms and guidelines to be applied for sourcing and use of supplier
information.




Indicate if you would like your end users to view Sourcing Guidelines. If desired, edit
the Sourcing Guidelines they will see.




                                                                    Vroozi Discovery Guide ​ 15
Guidelines created in this setting, are viewed and accessed by users at any time
under the Sourcing Guidelines category of their navigation panel. See ​View Sourcing
Guidelines​ for further details.

P​ROJECT
Create specific projects your team members will be working on. Existing users can
be assigned at project creation.




   Alternatively, users can be assigned to projects from their user record. (shown
   below




                                                                  Vroozi Discovery Guide ​ 16
   The ‘Start and End Date’ indicates when users will have access to Supplier
   Discovery. If access is open ended, administrators may leave the dates blank.




A​NNOUNCEMENTS
The ability to create announcements is only available at the Administrative level.
Through the announcement
tool administrators create
communication for
particular areas or types of
users.

   1. Enter the
      announcement
      name.
   2. Select Type from
      dropdown list of;
      ‘Info’, ‘Warning’ and
      ‘Alert’.
   3. Assign to specific role
      types; Basic, Power or
      Admin.
          ● Or check the
               box (as shown
               below )to send
               communication to all roles.
   4. Select from your unique list of Locations. You may select one or multiple
      locations.
          ● Or Select ‘All Locations’ box to select all previously configured locations.



                                                                    Vroozi Discovery Guide ​ 17
  5. Select Status as ‘Active’ or ‘Inactive’.
  6. Enter announcement message
  7. Save.
Once created, Announcements can be updated, deactivated or removed from the
Announcements table.




See A
    ​ ccessing Announcements​ for details on the recipients Announcement
experience.



EF W​ORKFLOW​ G​ROUP
The creation of Workflow Groups
allows administrators to create a
specific staircase approval flow for
EFs pertaining to particular projects.

Once you enter your EF group ‘Name’,
click into the ‘Project’ and ‘Approvers’
field to select from pre-populated
values.

Once created, Workflow groups can
be updated, deactivated or removed
from the Exception Workflow Group
table.




                                                                   .




                                                              Vroozi Discovery Guide ​ 18
User Fields
Exception Forms
Exception Forms allow users to request a new supplier that they’d like to use for a
specific project be added to their directory. Submitted Exception forms will be
routed to internal employees for approval BEFORE approving and adding the
Supplier or new Supplier service to the system.

See the Worklows section for details on ​Creating​ and checking the s​ tatus​ of an EF.

EF A​PPROVALS
All Discovery users have the ‘EF Approvals’ category in their navigation, however only
administrators will have Exception Forms populated in their views. Unless EF
Approval Workflows are utilized, all Discovery Administrators will receive all EF forms.


 Note:​ Customers also leveraging V​ roozi Purchase​ will still need to create
 Administrators in V
                   ​ roozi Discovery​.


The Approvals view defaults to ‘Pending Approvals’; Exception Forms awaiting
approval. Additional tabs track ‘Approved’ and ‘Rejected’ Exception Forms.

Approving an
Exception Form
After reviewing all
details of the EF,
select Approve or
Reject at the bottom
of the view.

Once the
appropriate action is selected Administrators will be prompted to ‘Submit’ and if
desired add ‘Comments.’




                                                                     Vroozi Discovery Guide ​ 19
Workflows
R​EGISTRATION
New users created outside of SSO will
receive an email notification, with a
subject line “Registration Confirmation
with Vroozi Inc.”

Follow the ‘Activate Account’ Link:
Create your unique password and check
box to accept terms of use. Select ‘Set
Password’ to complete. (shown below)




                                          Vroozi Discovery Guide ​ 20
L​OGGING​ ​IN




Please reference the ​Getting Started Guide​ in the Vroozi Helpdesk for details on
updating your profile details and resetting your password.

V​IEW​ S​OURCING​ G​UIDELINES
Sourcing guidelines as defined at the administrative and executive level level can be
accessed at any time under the ‘Sourcing Guidelines’ category.




S​UPPLIER​ S​EARCH
Use the Search Bar to search by keyword, location, category or specific supplier
name.




                                                                   Vroozi Discovery Guide ​ 21
Example below shows a keyword search that revealed the first 3 suppliers matching
this keyword. The location of each supplier is listed next to each Supplier Name.




Select ‘Show all matching results’ to view the entire list of results.

   1. Use ‘Refine By’ to narrow down the search by Category, Location, Attributes.
      (next page)

   2. Click the Supplier Name or ‘View Details’ to view Supplier information.

   3. Click the Downward arrow to Download search results. Once clicked users will
      see a drop down allowing them to narrow the results by location.




Select a Supplier to view their details, including Business, Contract and Insurance
Information.




                                                                         Vroozi Discovery Guide ​ 22
C​REATE​ & A​CCESS​ B​OOKMARKED​ S​UPPLIERS
During your supplier searches, bookmark suppliers you want to easily access by
clicking the bookmark icon next to the Supplier name.




Bookmarked suppliers can then be accessed by the user in their ‘Bookmark’
category.




                                                                Vroozi Discovery Guide ​ 23
C​REATE​ EF
This category is always visible for Discovery Administrators but otherwise will only be
visible for Basic or Power Users if they have the ‘EF approvals’ permission.

Complete all Required Fields:

   1. Requester Name:​ Only field on form that defaults based on user profile.

   2. Phone: ​Reachable number for users submitting the form.

   3. Requested
      Supplier
      Name

   4. Requested
      Supplier
      Phone

   5. Project:
      This field
      may be
      renamed
      based on Administrator configurations. Select from pre-populated options.
      More than 1 may be selected.

   6. Category:​ Select from pre-populated options.

   7. Department: ​Free text field.




Supplier Relations
For this section the use of “Crew Member” refers to an “employee”.




                                                                   Vroozi Discovery Guide ​ 24
As shown below, indicate if the request is for an additional service provided by a
supplier a
         ​ lready l​ isted in the directory or if the request is for a net-new supplier.




Competitive Bids
Enter bids provided by competitive suppliers.




EF S​TATUS
Here users can access and view submitted EFs. Users may also access and edit EFs in
‘Draft status’ (first tab shown below). ‘Pending’, ‘Submitted’ and Rejected EFs are not
editable.

Click through the tabs at the top of the screen to view EFs in each status; ‘Draft’,
‘Pending’, ‘Approved’ and ‘Rejected’.




                                                                        Vroozi Discovery Guide ​ 25
EF S​TATUS​ C​HANGES
Any status changes (Approval or Rejection) will trigger an email notification to the
user who
submitted the
request. The email
(as shown below)
will include the
unique EF
number, details of
the approved
supplier and a link
‘View Exception
Form’ to access
the full EF in
Vroozi Discovery.

R​UN​ R​EPORTS
The next section focuses on the categories and workflows most often utilized by
discovery users (basic and power).
Download supplier reports by region or specific information.




   1. Perform a quick download of supplier information. Isolate reporting by any
      specific location or again by all locations.




                                                                  Vroozi Discovery Guide ​ 26
      ●   Basic Users can only access the Quick Contact List report type while
          Power Users and Administrators have the ability to select from the list
          of all Report Types. (as shown below)




      ●   Selection of the Suppliers or Exception Form’ Report type will reveal
          additional reporting fields that can be selected or deselected.




2. Uncheck the various information to remove them from your custom report.
   By default all fields are included.




4. Complete the process by selecting the output format for your report. You will
   receive a success message (typically within seconds) once the report is ready
   to download. The output button for the selected report will change to include
   ‘Download…’ The example below shows the change from ‘Excel’ to ‘Download
   Excel’. Click to download and view your report.




                                                               Vroozi Discovery Guide ​ 27
A​CCESSING​ A​NNOUNCEMENTS
Users should check for Administrative announcements each time they log into the
system. Any new announcements will be indicated with a badge icon next to the
Announcement bell (shown below) found at the bottom of the navigation panel.
Simply click the bell to view the announcement.




Announcement example:




                                                              Vroozi Discovery Guide ​ 28
