Create an Internal Catalog

STEP 1: CREATE OR UPDATE THE SUPPLIER RECORD
   ●   See S
           ​ upplier​ materials for details on this step



STEP 2: BUILD THE CATALOG FILE
For new Internal catalogs, download the ​Catalog Template




Any existing catalogs can be downloaded, updated and re-uploaded from the
catalog record.

Required Fields​:
Vroozi Catalog supports catalogs formatted with .XLSX (Excel) and .CSV files. The
existing functionality in the column declarations in the load file remain intact,
including:
   ● #Item Number
   ● NEW_ITEM-DESCRIPTION o        ​ r​ NEW_ITEM-MATNR
   ● NEW_ITEM-VENDORMATE
   ● NEW_ITEM-PRICE
   ● NEW_ITEM-CURRENCY
   ● NEW_ITEM-UOM
   ● NEW_ITEM-MATGROUP

Dynamic Part Number Format​: Required when using the L               ​ ist Type​ custom field.
These fields allow the S     ​ hopper​ to select defined options from a drop-down menu.
Sequencing Fields​: ​Custom Fields​ are able to be reordered in the system.
Sequencing Fields allow fields to be displayed in a preferred order to Shoppers. This
requires a certain syntax when declaring these ​Custom Fields​ in the catalog file.
Data Type Declaration​: V       ​ roozi Catalog ​supports four different types of Custom
Fields—​Fixed​, L
                ​ ist​, I​ nput​, and ​Flag​. When creating a Custom Field, one of these must
be identified or “declared.”




                                                                                             1
Internal Catalog Images
There are t​ wo​ ways to attach catalog item images.

   1. By entering URLs in the image column of the Internal Catalog Template.
   2. By entering the name of the image in the image column and uploading a .zip
      folder of images along with the sheet. The image names must match the
      names listed in the Image Column. The system then automatically picks the
      image from the zipped folder which is mapped against the item. Please see
      the screenshots below for better understanding.



STEP 3: CATALOG CONFIGURATIONS
In Content Manager select to Create Catalog




Enter the Catalog Name and load the completed Catalog file & if applicable image
file from S
          ​ tep 2.




Supplier Company: ​ Type in the S
                                ​ upplier Company​ (vendor) name in the text field.


Note: D
      ​ o not check the ​External Catalog (Punchout Catalog)​ box. This field is for
punchout catalogs only.


Fixed Order Quantity: ​Catalog items include fixed quantity
Direct Item Update:​ Check to allow direct changes at the item level. If unchecked
changes will require re-uploading of the catalog file with the appropriate changes.

Additional Fields:
Catalog ID: C
            ​ ​omplete ​only​ if your organization has ERP ​Catalog ID​ requirements.
Contract Number​: Use this field to track contract compliance.




                                                                                        2
Catalog Start & End Dates: ​Specify dates and times S ​ hoppers​ will be able to access
the catalog (as long as it has been approved). Setting a start date will hold the
catalog in the ​Approved​ column until date
specified at which time it will move to the
Live​ column.
   ● Administrators​ can override this S  ​ tart
        Date​ at any time by manually
        publishing (dragging) the catalog into
        the L​ ive​ column.
   ● Leaving End Date field blank means
        that there will be no end date for this
        catalog to be available for S
                                    ​ hoppers​,
        as long as it is L
                         ​ ive​.


Note: ​ ​External Catalog Definition does not apply to Internal catalogs - This section
can therefore be skipped.


Content Views:
Select all the relevant C
                        ​ ontent Views​ to be associated with this catalog by checking
the box next to the N​ ame​.


Approvers:
Select the individuals who
will have approval rights for this catalog. Approval scenarios are based on Approval
Settings configured in Company -> Settings. before it can be published Live to
Shoppers.
   ●   Only one selected ​Approver​ needs to A
                                             ​ pprove ​the catalog before it goes ‘Live’

Click the C
          ​ reate​ button at the very bottom right of the page to create the new
catalog in the system. No changes will
be saved until the ​Create​ button is
clicked​.




                                                                                           3
