Add a Supplier
Grab & Go on the configuration of a new Supplier in Vroozi Catalog/Marketplace.


Navigate to the Suppliers tab and select ‘Create Supplier.’




CONFIGURATION
Depending on your organization’s Integration, your Suppliers may be created outside of
Vroozi. In this case, you would return to the Supplier Record in Vroozi to update a few key
details. These details are underlined below.
 1.    Complete the Company Information
           ● Unique Supplier ID - Generated at the top. All areas marked with a red
               asterisk* are mandatory fields.
           ● Default Supplier ID - Confirm number from your ERP system
           ● DUNS Number - 9 digit ID number for the physical location of the business.
               This is optional.
           ● State, City, Zip are mandatory if USA is selected as Country.
 2. Default Preferences: Update using the drop down menus.
 3. Upload Logo: Using an image from your computer upload a logo to be associated
       with the supplier PNG, JPG, JPEG, and GIF images are supported and will be resized
       automatically.




 4.   Supplier ID Field & Number: Enter from your ERP system.
 5.   Unique System ID: Generated while creating the System Definition in the
      Company Settings screen. This is a required field.
 6.   Supplier Configuration
         ● Minimum Order Value - Defined by supplier. Shoppers will not be able to
            checkout an item if the total amount is less than the amount specified here.
         ● Non Catalog and/or Catalog Supplier - Check the boxes based on the type
            of catalog.
         ● Single Source Supplier - If checked an order from this supplier cannot be
            combined with another supplier. At the shopping cart level, Requesters who

                                                                                           1
               attempt to mix suppliers with a single source supplier will be asked to create
               separate requests.
           ●   Include in Supplier Card - Refers to the supplier widgets on the Shopper
               Homepage. As long as this checkbox is checked, this supplier will be visible
               in the assigned shopper’s view. Without the card, your shoppers can still
               search for and retrieve the supplier’s content via the search bar.
           ●   Disable Browse - Unchecking this box will hide the Browse link in the
               Supplier’ Card. When a supplier’s card displays the Browse link, users can
               click to access the internal catalog content. If this box is unchecked,
               Shoppers will still be able to search for this content using the search bar but
               cannot click to view the entire catalog from the catalog tile.. (Only applies to
               Internal Catalogs)
           ●   Currency Code - Select for your organization.

  7.          Navigate back to the center of the supplier record to Save.
  8. Company Attributes: Suppliers can be
        ranked higher or lower in the search results
        for Shoppers
           ●   Adjust the attribute weight accordingly
               by inputting the appropriate weighting
               factor in the box to the right of the
               checked attribute. The higher the
               number, the higher the supplier’s
               product will be placed in a shopper’s
               search results.
  9. Add or Create Content Views for this supplier. Without assignment to content
      views your users will not have access to the supplier.
  10. Approvers: can be assigned to all catalogs associated with this supplier at this
      time. These Approvers will be notified when changes are made to this catalog.
  11. Supplier Users: can be created from this page, and is optional. These Supplier
      Users can load and manage supplier content that an Administrator has defined.

  12.


Note: Vroozi Purchase customers can enrich the Supplier’s information (including
contracts, cXML transmission types, etc) in the supplier’s Master Data record. Customers
leveraging only Vroozi Marketplace will enrich the supplier data in your external ERP
used for PO creation.




                                                                                              2
