Configure C
          ​ ontent Views and Groups
Grab & Go​ on the customization of catalog access based on user role, region or
commodity.




Content Views​: G
                ​ rouping of catalogs and non-catalog suppliers into logical sets.
  ● A single Content View can belong to multiple Content Groups.
  ● Ex: Region, Commodity, Division, Content groups are then assigned to
     Content Views.
   ●

Content Groups​: Users assigned to a Content View(s). This assignment determines
what catalogs and non-catalog suppliers users will have access to.
  ● A single Content Group may be assigned to multiple Content Views.




A​CCESS​ C​ONTENT​ V​IEWS​ & G​ROUPS
Content Views & Groups are configured from the same location within V
                                                                    ​ roozi
Catalog
   1. Within the​ C ​ ontent Manager​ tab and
      select ​Content Views​/Groups.
   2. There are 2​ ​ tabs separating C
                                     ​ ontent Group
      and ​Content View​ management.




C​REATE​ A
         ​ ​ N​EW​ C​ONTENT​ ​GR
                               ​ OUP​ ​OR​ ​V​IEW
Since Views are associated to Groups, Content Views should be created first.
   1. Click ​Create ​from t​ he left navigation
      panel.
   2. Type in the Content View or Group
      Name in the text field
   3. The View/Group​ ​status defaults to
      Active: Yes​. To create an ​Inactive
      Content Group​, click on it to change it
      to A
         ​ ctive: No​.

   4. Select A
             ​ dd Content Views f​ or Content
      Group​ Creation a​ nd select A
                                   ​ dd Catalogs ​for
      Content View Creation.
         ● Check the box next to the View/Group
             name to select it. More than one or all
             can be selected at a time. (shown on
             right)
         ● Save.
      Note: ​Catalogs can be associated to Views at
      the catalog record or at the Content View
      Manager.

   5. Returning to the Content Group/View draft, select ​Save




S​UPPLIER​ V​IEWS
Suppliers not associated to a catalog can be configured as a ​Non-Catalog​ supplier
and associated to a Content View at the Supplier record. (shown below)
E​DIT​ V​IEWS​ ​OR​ G​ROUPS
D​ELETE​, A​CTIVATE​ ​OR​ D​ELETE
Select the Group or View and either Delete, Activate or Deactivate.




E​DIT
Click on the Group/View Name to reveal edit screen. View/update name or add
Catalogs/Views.




Remove a View or Catalog by checking the box next to the name and selecting
Remove.
