Configure Catalog Approvals
Grab & Go covering configuration of an approval workflow for changes to your
internal catalogs.


DEFINE CATALOG APPROVERS
   1. From the ‘Company Users’ tab, select to
      create or edit an existing user.
   2. Enter the basic user information and select
      the Approver role or any combination of roles
      that include ‘Approver’.
          ● Only Master Admins can create other
              Master Admins and Administrators.
   3. If the approver is also a Marketplace shopper
      you must assign a ‘Content View’. Otherwise
      this is optional.

DEFINE APPROVERS FOR EACH
APPLICABLE CATALOG

   1. From each Catalog’s settings,
      assign an Approver(s).
   2. Click ‘Approvers’ to select and
      assign approvers from the list of
      predefined users.
          ● You may assign multiple
              approvers to a single
              catalog. In this case, the
              first approver to review and
              approve changes, removes
              the requirement for other
              approvers.
   3. Save your changes.

DEFINE APPROVAL RULES
Configure when the system should generate email
notifications for content Approvers to review and approve
or reject catalogs that they have been assigned as
approvers for. This approval applies to new catalogs or


                                                                               1
updates to existing catalogs awaiting approval before being pushed ‘LIVE’.

   1. Select Company Settings off the drop-down menu by clicking on it.
   2. Scroll down to the Approval Workflow of the Company Settings area.
   3. Expand the Approval Workflow area by clicking on the carrot.
   4. “For any change to
      required field in catalogs
      and/or quotes” If there is a
      change to the mandatory
      fields of an item that
      already exists in the
      previous version of the
      catalog, then an email notification will be sent to the assigned Approver to
      approve or reject this type of change if this box is checked.
   5. “For any new item added to catalog and/or quotes” If there is a new item
      being added to the catalog or quote, then an email notification will be sent to
      the assigned Approver to approve or reject if this box is checked.
   6. “If price changes more than X percent in catalogs and/or quotes” Master
      Administrators can specify a percentage (%) value if the price of an existing
      item changes by more than the specified percentage value. An email
      notification will be sent to the assigned Approver to approve or reject if this
      box is checked.
   7. If you check the last box, you may choose to update the percentage value.
   8. Save.


See Catalog Administrator guide for how to approve or reject catalog content.




                                                                                    2
