          The Supplier Portal
The Supplier Portal is a Cloud-based portal solution with ​self-service capabilities
and point and click interface, ​creating fluent process flows and communication
between buying organizations and their suppliers.
Buying organization users can submit POs, send specific PO communication, submit
change requests, receive advanced shipping notices and invoices.
Supplier users can confirm, reject, dispute, ship and invoice purchase orders for their
Vroozi clients. Includes a repository for POs and invoices.
Users should also see the ​Supplier’s Guide to the Supplier Portal​ for more specific
details on workflows within the Portal



Table of Contents:

The Supplier’s Portal Homepage                                                          2

Supplier Portal Configuration                                                           3
  Branding & Logo                                                                       3
   Supplier Invitation Message                                                          4
   Set Global ‘Supplier Portal Rules’                                                    5

Invite a Supplier to the Portal                                                         7
   From the Portal Configurations                                                       7
   From the Supplier Record                                                             8
   ‘Supplier User’ Roles                                                                8
      Adding a Content Manager                                                          9

User Management                                                                         10
      All Portal Users                                                                  10
      Manage Users from Individual Supplier                                             10

Supplier’s Portal Configuration                                                         11
  Supplier’s Business, Contract and Insurance Info                                      11
      Output Method                                                                     11
      Advanced Shipping Notification (ASN)                                              12
   Auto-processing of incoming Supplier Portal Invoices                                 12
Supplier Portal End to End Workflow                                         13
  Confirmed PO                                                              14
  Disputed PO                                                               15
  Advanced Shipping Notice (ASN)                                            16
  Invoice                                                                   17
     Invoice Notifications                                                  19
  Purchase Order Change Requests (POCR) in the Portal                       19
  Push Notifications                                                       20




                                                             Supplier Portal

                                                        Updated 4/22/2020 ​ ​ 1
The ​Supplier’s​ Portal Homepage




 1. Navigation Panel - N
                       ​ avigation categories allow users to quickly access
    documents by type. Profile may be updated via downward arrow next to
    username.

 2. Universal Search Bar​ –​ Once selected, portal users can search across all
    transactional documents entering their own key words or select by preset
    search categories including but not limited to, ‘Buyer, Shipping Carrier and
    Created Date’. If a preset search category is selected, further search criteria
    tailored to that field will populate.

 3. Document Count​ –​ Organized by category (Pending Invoices, Payments &
    Returns) a count of documents that have come in over the trailing 24 hours.
    Click the document card to view.

 4. Tasks​ ​– Easy access to view or take action on all incoming documents (RFQ’s,
    PO’s, Invoices).

 5. Activity ​– Allows a user to see the latest activity (status changes, notes and
    messages) on all open RFQ/PO/Invoice.




                                                                           Supplier Portal

                                                                      Updated 4/22/2020 ​ ​ 2
   6. Sales Trends –​ View trends by a specific time frame.




Supplier Portal Configuration
Customize the look and feel of your Supplier Portal through the creation of your own
vanity URL, branding, customized Terms & Conditions and specific supplier
requirements and communication.

From the Master Administrator navigation panel select Supplier
Portal → Settings.

B​RANDING​ & L​OGO
   1. Customize your login page URL.
   2. Select the ‘Image Settings’ for your supplier invitation
         ●   Login Page​ - background image
                ➢ Optimal resolution 300x250 (Format supported jpg, png, jpeg)

         ●   Favicon​ - image displayed on browser tab
                ➢ Optimal resolution 225x225 (Format supported jpg, png, jpeg)

         ●   Company Logo
                ➢ Optimal resolution 1920x1064 (Format supported jpg, png, jpeg)




                                                                          Supplier Portal

                                                                     Updated 4/22/2020 ​ ​ 3
      Finished result:




S​UPPLIER​ I​NVITATION​ M​ESSAGE
  ●   Customize your supplier invitation by editing or removing the provided
      template.




                                                                         Supplier Portal

                                                                    Updated 4/22/2020 ​ ​ 4
Sample email invitation:




S​ET​ G​LOBAL​ ‘S​UPPLIER​ P​ORTAL​ R​ULES​’
   ●   Select supplier communication requirements. Toggling on requires the
       supplier team member to provide a reason before
       rejection or dispute can be sent.


Supplier Registration Screen Content update
   ●   Set logo background color
   ●   Click the eye icon to preview logo changes & supplier contact updates




   Preview screen:




                                                                          Supplier Portal

                                                                     Updated 4/22/2020 ​ ​ 5
1. Create or update Terms & Conditions




2. Supplier Contact (optional)
     ●   Include your internal support contact information. This will appear on
         the invitation login page. This information will not replace the Vroozi
         Support team information that appears at the bottom of the Supplier
         Portal screen.




                                                                       Supplier Portal

                                                                  Updated 4/22/2020 ​ ​ 6
Invite a Supplier to the Portal
F​ROM​ ​THE​ P​ORTAL​ C​ONFIGURATIONS
  1.   Navigate to the Supplier Users view within S
                                                  ​ upplier Portal → Users.
  2. Select ‘Invite a new user’
  3. Select the supplier




  4. Complete all details & select the user role (defined below)
  5. Customize the Invitation email and select ‘Send Invite(s)’




  6. Supplier user’s record will now be listed in the Supplier Tab of their supplier
     record and under Supplier Portal → Users.
          ●   Once a supplier user is invited, their user record is not editable. If edits
              are required, you must remove the user and create a new account.




                                                                                Supplier Portal

                                                                           Updated 4/22/2020 ​ ​ 7
F​ROM​ ​THE​ S​UPPLIER​ R​ECORD
Supplier Portal user creation and invitations can also be managed from the
Supplier’s existing record in Master Data.




Click ‘Send Invite to’ and enter the user’s contact information. Select the Role.
(Shown on next page)

‘S​UPPLIER​ U​SER​’ R​OLES
Assign a specific role to each ‘Supplier User’

Administrator:​ T
                ​ he Administrator can create users, edit the company profile, add
comments to and create all transactional documents.


                                                                              Supplier Portal

                                                                         Updated 4/22/2020 ​ ​ 8
Order Processor:​ T
                  ​ he Order Processor can reject and confirm POs, create invoices
and ASNs and add comments to transactional
documents.

Content Manager:​ T    ​ he Content Manager Role
now allows the supplier user to manage their
Vroozi Catalog content with a single sign on
via the Portal. Content Managers can create
and update catalogs on the buying
organization’s behalf. Buying organization
approval will still be required before changes
go live.

   ●   The Content Manager Portal Navigation
       Panel will include a link to Vroozi
       Catalog opening an additional window
       or tab.

Note: ​ At Portal Go-Live Vroozi does not recommend using the Content Manager
role


Adding a Content Manager
Note: There are ​2​ steps required to set up the Content Manager role. The Supplier
contact must be created as a Supplier Portal user in Vroozi Purchase a ​ nd​ as a
supplier user within the Supplier’s record in Vroozi Catalog.
Steps:
   1. In V
         ​ roozi Purchase​ via Supplier Portal User creation.




   2. In ​Vroozi Catalog v
                         ​ ia the Supplier’s record




                                                                            Supplier Portal

                                                                       Updated 4/22/2020 ​ ​ 9
User Management

All Portal Users
Here you can manage access and permissions for ALL Portal
Users across ALL Supplier Organizations. You can activate, deactivate and invite your
supplier users from the ‘Supplier Users’ table.
Supplier User Table




   1.   Search invitees
   2. View invite details of existing invites
   3. Remove a user
   4. Activate, deactivate a selected user or ‘Invite a New User’

Manage Users from Individual Supplier

Within the ‘Supplier Portal’ tab of each supplier’s record, any existing portal users for
that supplier are listed. Here they can be deleted, deactivated or activated.




                                                                              Supplier Portal

                                                                        Updated 4/22/2020 ​ ​ 10
Supplier’s Portal Configuration
S​UPPLIER​’​S​ B​USINESS​, C​ONTRACT​ ​AND​ I​NSURANCE​ I​NFO
The Purchasing organizations Admin can update all Business, Contract and
Insurance information for each supplier record. This is done through M
                                                                     ​ aster Data
-->Suppliers​.
Within the Supplier Portal, the Portal Admin can only update ​The Business Info. The
Contract and Insurance Info appear read only for the Supplier Portal admin.




   1.   Output Method
        Once an invitation has been sent to the Supplier, Supplier Portal will appear as
        an Output Method option. The buying organization’s administrator must still
        select Supplier Portal as their preferred method.




                                                                             Supplier Portal

                                                                       Updated 4/22/2020 ​ ​ 11
        Once Supplier Portal is selected as the output method, 2 additional fields
        populate.
           ●   Output Email: ​ The email address
               should be confirmed with the
               Supplier.

                  ○   Note: The domain listed for
                      this email address is very
                      important. All users added to
                      the Portal must have a
                      matching URL.

           ●   Send Alert of PO creation to:​ T
                                              ​ his
               is different from the output email.
               The email address could be for
               specific user email addresses or a
               department etc. Use a comma after
               each address to add an additional
               one.



   2.   Advanced Shipping Notification (ASN)
        This feature is enabled once a Supplier is invited to the Portal. (shown above)
        Enablement allows the supplier to send an Advanced Shipping Notice
        through the Portal. Once sent from Supplier, the ASN is emailed to the
        original employee or designated account. The buying organization can use
        the ASN to create a goods receipt if one is required

A​UTO​-​PROCESSING​ ​OF​ ​INCOMING​ S​UPPLIER​ P​ORTAL​ I​NVOICES
Based on Administrator configurations, Auto processing can be applied to Supplier
submitted invoices via the Vroozi Supplier Portal. Creation of Invoices will be auto
created and processed by the system instantly after the invoice is received in Vroozi.

There are three (3) settings available to the user (shown on next page)

   1. Create and Approve Invoices from Supplier Portal without exceptions.

           ●   Applies to invoices that do not contain exceptions or errors

   2. ‘That only contain one or more Goods Receipt related exceptions’

   3. ‘That contain additional exceptions’




                                                                              Supplier Portal

                                                                        Updated 4/22/2020 ​ ​ 12
          ●   Applies to invoices that contain any other Tolerance related exceptions
              as defined by each organization. (Line Item Price, Line, Item Quantity,
              Subtotal, etc.).




   ●   Processing configurations are enabled in A
                                                ​ ccounts Payable >Settings
       >Preferences >Automatic Creation and Processing of Invoices




Supplier Portal End to End Workflow
Buying Organization​ -> Submits Purchase Order to Supplier for fulfillment.
Supplier​ -> Receives email notification of the PO.




The Repository of all POs including those in ‘Ready’ status retrieved under ‘Track
Purchase Orders’




                                                                            Supplier Portal

                                                                      Updated 4/22/2020 ​ ​ 13
In the Portal, the Supplier user can take 3 actions against a PO:
          1. Confirm PO
                 ➢ Supplier Users may C   ​ onfirm​ all or individual line items in a PO.
                   POs with ‘Partially Confirmed’ status will convert to ‘Confirmed’
                   once a
                        ​ ll​ line items in a PO have been confirmed. (shown in next
                   workflow)
          2. Dispute the PO
                 ➢ Like confirmations, Supplier Users may ​Dispute​ all or individual
                   line items in a PO. A PO with 1 or more dispute items will have a
                   ‘Partially Disputed’ status until another action has been taken.
          3. Create an ASN against the PO

C​ONFIRMED​ PO
Buying Organization​ -> Employee receives
email notification that their PO has been
confirmed. Click ‘View Purchase Order’ to view
acceptance details.


The Employee may view the status of all POs
from the PO Status view. As shown below
actions taken by suppliers will result in status
changes; ‘Confirmed’, ‘Partially Confirmed’,
‘Disputed’, ‘Partially Disputed’ and ‘Shipped’.




                                                                               Supplier Portal

                                                                         Updated 4/22/2020 ​ ​ 14
D​ISPUTED​ PO
Buying Organization​ -> The Requester/Buyer who submitted the PO will receive an
email notification that their PO has been ‘Partially Disputed’ or ‘Disputed’ by a
Supplier user.




From the email, click ‘View Purchase Order’ to view disputed items and details in the
PO.




Selecting options from the blue horizontal ellipses, theRequester/Buyer may choose
to cancel the PO or create a Purchase Order Change Request. Per POCR settings
defined by the buying organization administrator POCR actions such as deleting the
item or adding a replacement item may be enabled.


                                                                           Supplier Portal

                                                                     Updated 4/22/2020 ​ ​ 15
If ‘Cancel Purchase Order’ is selected​, users will be prompted to confirm
cancellation.




If ‘Change Order’ is selected​, the employee will have the ability to change the
quantity or line item details. See ​POCR​ portion of the guide.

A​DVANCED​ S​HIPPING​ N​OTICE​ (ASN)
Supplier​ -> From the PO the Supplier user generates a Shipping Notice against a
Purchase Order. The shipping notice may include all or a portion of the PO.

Buying Organization​ ->Upon Shipping Notice submission, the Requester/Buyer
receives email notification of the ASN.

   1.   The email notification will include the
   2. Date of Shipment
   3. Quantity of items
        shipped
   4. Anticipated
        delivery date,
   5. PO number
   6. Carrier details

Requester/Buyer may


                                                                             Supplier Portal

                                                                       Updated 4/22/2020 ​ ​ 16
create a Goods Receipt for the Purchase Order through the ASN by selecting the
ellipsis button. (shown next page) Goods Receipt may also be created from the PO
details or PO Status views.




I​NVOICE
The Supplier Portal allows the supplier user to generate Invoices.
Supplier​ -> Supplier generates an Invoice directly through a Confirmed Purchase
Order ​or​ the associated Advance Shipping Notices. (Flip to Invoice)




The line item details and payment terms will carry over from the PO. The following
Invoice fields must be completed by the supplier:

   ●   Invoice #
   ●   Invoice Date

*Payment Due date will calculate based on Payment terms.




                                                                           Supplier Portal

                                                                     Updated 4/22/2020 ​ ​ 17
   ●   Invoices status classifications are D
                                           ​ raft​, ​Pending​, P
                                                               ​ aid​, ​Partially Paid​, or
       Rejected.

   ●   Non-PO based invoices can also be created via the ‘Create Invoice’ category in
       the user’s navigation panel. The invoice appearance will be the same as a PO
       based invoice generated from the Supplier Portal.

Buying Organization​ -> Invoice is sent to the designated Vroozi Hopper where it can
be accessed by applicable AP employees.

   ●   The ​Subject ​will identify ​Supplier Portal​ as the Invoice Source. (​ shown below)




Based on ​auto-approval rules​ configured at the administrative level Portal Invoices
within defined tolerances may bypass the inbox and automatically post.




                                                                                      Supplier Portal

                                                                                Updated 4/22/2020 ​ ​ 18
Invoice Notifications
Accounts Payable Managers will receive notifications for invoices submitted via the
Supplier Portal by a Supplier user. The notification will appear in blue in the bottom
left corner of the platform screen.




P​URCHASE​ O​RDER​ C​HANGE​ R​EQUESTS​ (POCR) ​IN​ ​THE​ P​ORTAL
Changes made to Purchase Orders at the PO level are received by Suppliers in the
Portal.

Supplier​ -> P
             ​ urchase Orders with changes will be sent to the ‘Tasks’ field of the
Supplier Portal dashboard. Their status will change back to ‘Ready’.. Once opened,
the Purchase Order will display the version number, change message with affected
line items highlighted.




(See ​Supplier’s Guide​ for specifics)




                                                                             Supplier Portal

                                                                       Updated 4/22/2020 ​ ​ 19
Suppliers will be asked to confirm/dispute the changes and complete the relevant
workflow details.

Buying Organization​ -> ​Requesters/Buyers will receive an email notification when a
submitted POCR has been a  ​ pproved​ (Confirmed) or if the updated items have been
disputed​ by the supplier,




P​USH​ N​OTIFICATIONS
Vroozi Purchase users who are logged in at the time a change is made to a
document they are linked to will receive push notifications with the document
number and change. Notifications will appear in the bottom left corner of the screen.
(as shown below) Users may click the notification to open the affected document.




                                                                           Supplier Portal

                                                                     Updated 4/22/2020 ​ ​ 20
