                 Supplier’s Guide to the
                          Supplier Portal
The Supplier Portal is a ​Cloud-based portal solution with s​ elf-service capabilities and
point and click interface, c ​ reating fluent process flows and communication between
suppliers and their buyers.

Suppliers like you can confirm, reject and dispute POs, view document history, send
notices of shipment and invoice purchase orders for your Vroozi clients.




                                                                            ​Vroozi Supplier Portal
                                                                                                 0
Table of Contents:
Portal Dashboard                                             3
   Features                                                  3

Account Activation                                           5
   User Profile                                              6

Portal Configurations                                        6
   Company Info                                              6
      Change History                                         7
   Manage Users                                              7
      User Roles                                             8

Purchase Order Workflows                                     8
   Purchase Order Notifications                              8
   Access a New PO                                           9
   View a ‘Ready’ Status PO                                 10
      PO Custom Fields                                       11
   Confirm a PO                                              11
      Confirm PO from ‘Tasks’                               12
      Confirm PO from ‘PO Details’                          12
   Dispute a PO                                             13
      Communicate Dispute Details                           14
   Purchase Order Cancellations                             15
   Purchase Order Change Requests                           16
      Notification                                          16
      Action Required                                       17
      POCR Change Reports                                   18
      Purchase Order Version Updates                        19

Advanced Shipping Notices                                  20
   Create an Advanced Shipping Notice                      20
   Pending Items                                           20
   Track Advanced Shipping Notices                          21

                                        ​Vroozi Supplier Portal
                                                             1
Invoices                                                                               22
   Track Invoices                                                                      22
   Flip a PO to Invoice                                                                22
   Invoice from Partially Confirmed POs                                                23
   Create an Invoice without ‘Flip PO to Invoice’                                      24
   Create an Invoice - Using a PO submitted outside of the Portal                      25
   Final Invoice                                                                       26
      Final Invoices from a Buying Organization                                        26

Additional Functionality                                                               27
   Comments                                                                            27
      Add Comment                                                                      27
      ‘Comments’ Notification                                                          28
           Email                                                                       28
           Respond to a Comment                                                        29
           Push Notification                                                           29

Sales Trends                                                                           30
   Report Navigation                                                                   30
      Narrow Down Search                                                               30
      Schedule Reports                                                                  31




                                                                    ​Vroozi Supplier Portal
                                                                                         2
Portal Dashboard




F​EATURES
  1. Navigation Panel: A
                       ​ ctions and Document types organized by categories. Click to
     view.
  2. Document Cards​: Organized by Document Type (Orders, Shipping Notices,
     Pending Invoices, Payments). The yellow badges within each type indicate the
     number received over the trailing 24 hours.
       ○ Click the document card to view.




  3. Search Bar: O
                 ​ nce selected, portal users can search across all transactional
     documents entering their own key words or select by preset to search categories
     including but not limited to, ‘Buyer, Shipping Carrier and Created Date’.




                                                                         ​Vroozi Supplier Portal
                                                                                              3
4. Tasks: ​Easy access to view or take action on all actionable documents (RFQ’s, PO’s,
   Invoices. (shown below)




      ●   Scroll down from ‘Tasks’ to view ‘Sales Trends’ and ‘Activity.’

   Once selected you will be navigated to the document search page. If a preset
   search category is selected, further search criteria tailored to that field will
   populate. ​(shown below)




   Once a document category is selected, filters applicable to that document type are
   available to aid in narrowing down your search.
5. Activity Stream: ​ Allows a user to see the latest activity
   (status changes, notes and messages) on all open
   RFQ/PO/Invoice.

6. Sales Trends: V
                 ​ iew trends by a specific time frame.




                                                                            ​Vroozi Supplier Portal
                                                                                                 4
Account Activation
Once Registration Email & Confirmation

   ●   Click ‘Activate Account’ to register

Password criteria support makes it easy for a new user to create and validate their
password. The password field will turn green once it is successfully validated.




                                                                          ​Vroozi Supplier Portal
                                                                                               5
U​SER​ P​ROFILE
Set up your personal profile.
   ●   Edit contact details including name location and region.
   ●   Update password




Portal Configurations
Configurations only apply to users with administrator access.

C​OMPANY​ I​NFO
Each display card contains specific information. Click the pen icon in the right corner to
edit the information for each of the
following card categories. Fields without
the editing icon are completed by the
buying organization.
   ●   Company Info
   ●   Business Info
   ●   Insurance
   ●   Supplier Contact
   ●   PO Submission
   ●   Contract Info
Once you select a card, click the plus sign to
enter additional details.



                                                                           ​Vroozi Supplier Portal
                                                                                                6
Change History
Changes to the supplier’s record are captured in the ‘Change History’ tab of the Supplier
Supplier Profile
Users logged in when changes are
made to the supplier record will
receive push notifications. These
notifications will appear in the
bottom left corner of the Portal
screen.




M​ANAGE​ U​SERS
If permission is granted by the buying organization Supplier Administrators can manage
users from the ‘Users’ category in the navigation panel.
*Only Supplier Admins will have access to the ‘Users’ category.




   1. Search for other users of your Supplier Portal

   2. View or sort user Status

   3. Click on a user’s name to view or edit details. Editing can also be selected in the
      right corner of the user row.

   4. Update User List:
          ➢ Activate or Deactivate: Check the box to activate or deactivate user(s)
          ➢ Create User: Begin New User creation


                                                                            ​Vroozi Supplier Portal
                                                                                                 7
              *Permission must be granted by the buying organization. If granted,
              only administrators have the ability to create users.

User Roles
There are three roles that may be assigned to Supplier Portal users. As p
                                                                        ​ reviously​ noted,.
supplier permission to add/edit users can be optioned by the buying
organization’s administrator(s)

      Administrator:​ ​ T
                        ​ he Administrator can create users, edit the
      company profile, add comments to and create all transactional
      documents.

      Order Processor:​ ​ ​The Order Processor can reject and confirm
      POs, create invoices and ASNs and add comments to
      transactional documents.

      Content Manager:​ ​ T
                          ​ he Content Manager Role allows the
      supplier user to manage their Vroozi Catalog content with a
      single sign on via the Portal. Content Managers can create and
      update catalogs on the buying organization’s behalf. Buying
      organization approval will still be required before changes go live.

          ●   The Content Manager’s Navigation Panel will include a link (shown to the
              right) to V
                        ​ roozi Catalog. This will open a new ​window or tab. Separate
              training materials will be provided for users with VroozI Catalog access.




Purchase Order Workflows
P​URCHASE​ O​RDER​ N​OTIFICATIONS
All Portal users will be notified via email of a new Purchase Order. Example below:
Purchase Order Received from Buying Organization. Emails will be sent to the address
associated with each user’s account.




                                                                             ​Vroozi Supplier Portal
                                                                                                  8
   1. Document Number
   2. Buying Organization
   3. Buyer Name
   4. ‘View Purchase Order’ will take you to the Portal to view the full document details.
Portal users are also notified via email when an Advanced Shipping Notice is submitted or
an Invoice has been paid, Notifications are also sent to the email address associated with
their Portal login.

A​CCESS​ ​A​ N​EW​ PO
Purchase Orders can be retrieved 2 ways within the Supplier Portal

   1. Portal Dashboard
         ○   New purchase orders can be found in your Portal dashboard as ‘Ready’.




   2. From your Navigation panel, select the ‘Purchase Orders’ category to access your
      entire repository of purchase orders. Your view will default to all POs in ‘Ready’
      status.
         ○ To remove this filter, click the ‘x’ next to ‘Ready’.




                                                                           ​Vroozi Supplier Portal
                                                                                                9
V​IEW​ ​A​ ‘R​EADY​’ S​TATUS​ PO
Take action or view a ‘Read/y’ Purchase Order from the line item or select the PO number
to view details or take action.
From the PO view, you may complete several actions:

   1. View line item details.
   2. Dispute or Confirm Items (if this action has not yet been completed)
   3. Confirm, Reject or Cancel - Select the horizontal ellipses to select from these
      options.




                                                                           ​Vroozi Supplier Portal
                                                                                               10
PO Custom Fields
Custom Fields relevant to your business relationship with the buying organization may be
present on a Purchase Order. These custom fields will be displayed above the line item
details.
Custom Field as seen in the Supplier Portal




C​ONFIRM​ A
          ​ ​ PO
Confirmation of PO can be executed from the ‘​PO Detail’, ‘PO Status’
and Dashboard ‘Tasks’.
From the ‘Tasks’ click the checkbox icon (shown below) to confirm
items.




                                                                        ​Vroozi Supplier Portal
                                                                                            11
Confirm PO from ‘Tasks’
Selecting ‘Confirm PO’ from ‘Tasks’ will trigger a new screen displaying all PO line items.
From here, users must indicate which items they would like to confirm. The selection will
default to ​all i​ tems contained in the PO. Unclick the leftmost box in each line item to
remove its confirmation. When ready, select ‘Confirm.’




Confirm PO from ‘PO Details’
Confirmation from the ‘PO Details’ screen will require users to check all or check
individual boxes for partial PO confirmation. W
                                              ​ hen ready, select ‘Confirm Items.’




The addition of ‘Confirmation Notes’ (shown on next page) is optional. O​ nce ‘confirm’ has
been selected, an email notification will be sent to the PO orginiator and any notes will be
displayed in the Buyer’s confirmation.




                                                                           ​Vroozi Supplier Portal
                                                                                               12
‘Partially Confirmed’ POs will remain in the ‘Tasks’ view in ‘Partially Confirmed’ status until
all items have been confirmed.




D​ISPUTE​ A
          ​ ​ PO
Supplier users may ​Dispute ​individual or all i​ tems on a Buying Organization’s Purchase
Order. Like Confirmation, Dispute may be performed from the ‘PO Detail’ screen, ‘PO
Status’ screen and Dashboard ‘Tasks’ section.

      Below, Dispute selected from Dashboard ‘Tasks’.




If Dispute is selected for some PO line items but not all, the PO status will display as
‘Partially Disputed’.

From the ‘Tasks’ view, once the Dispute Order icon is selected, the Dispute Order screen
will prompt the Supplier user to select ‘Reason for Dispute’ next to that line item.


                                                                             ​Vroozi Supplier Portal
                                                                                                 13
Based on the ‘Reason for Dispute’ selected, users will be prompted to update other fields
in the line item. In the example (shown above) if ‘Out of Stock’ or ‘Delivery Date Extension’
is selected, the Delivery Date field will become editable and then must be updated before
the Dispute can be submitted.

Communicate ​Dispute​ Details
Users may select to send a general message regarding all items in PO by entering details
in the ‘Message field directly below the line items. (shown below)
Users wish to spend a message that specifically addresses only the dispute items should
select the tablet and pen icon in the Actions column. (shown below)




Once clicked, a new screen displaying only the disputed line items and the ‘Additional
Dispute Information’ field. In addition to completing a message you may also adjust the
delivery date (if applicable) from this screen.




                                                                            ​Vroozi Supplier Portal
                                                                                                14
After completing the Additional Dispute Information’ select ‘Save’ to return to the original
Dispute view. Here, you will now see an eye icon in the action column indicating there is a
message to view.




Once submitted to the buying org, the status of each item will display in the PO details
screen. Any users with access to the PO can view the Dispute message.




Note: POs containing line items that have been disputed ​and a​ line item(s) that have
been confirmed will inherit the ‘Partially Confirmed’ status.



P​URCHASE​ O​RDER​ C​ANCELLATIONS
If a PO is cancelled at the buying organization level, Supplier Portal users will receive
email notification. Email communication

As shown below, the Supplier
email subject line will contain
the PO number, that it was
cancelled and the name of
the Buying Organization.


From the email, users can
click View Order to access the
Purchase Order in the Vroozi
Portal. Here, users will see the
new PO status ‘Cancelled’.




                                                                             ​Vroozi Supplier Portal
                                                                                                 15
Supplier Portal Users will also see the PO cancellation in their Activity’ bar. (shown below)




P​URCHASE​ O​RDER​ C​HANGE​ R​EQUESTS
Notification
As agreed upon in your contract, a Buying Organization’s Administrator may give their
buyers the ability to make certain changes to purchase orders that have not yet been
fulfilled. This is referred to as Purchase Order Change Request (POCR) The scope of
changes would be based on contractual agreement between the supplier and buying
organization.
If enabled at the buying organization level, POs in the following statuses may have POCRs
performed against them; ​Ready, Confirmed, Partially Confirmed, Disputed, Partially
Disputed.




                                                                            ​Vroozi Supplier Portal
                                                                                                16
When a change is made to an unfulfilled purchase order, any logged in users will receive a
push notification. The notification will appear in the bottom left corner of the screen. You
may click the notification to view the change.




Action Required
Once viewed, the changed PO will identify the changes.
   1. The changed PO will display as Version 2.
   2. The type of change will be specified about the line item.
   3. The affected items will be highlighted in the line item descriptions.
          ●   Changes to a line item will be highlighted in yellow, while removal of items
              (as shown below) will be highlighted in red.




                                                                              ​Vroozi Supplier Portal
                                                                                                  17
Changes made to a line item:




There are no additional steps required of the supplier team. The supplier user will simply
need to confirm, dispute or create an ASN as they would normally do for a new Purchase
Order.




POCR Change Reports
If a POCR occurs on a Purchase Order, a change report will be generated and can be
downloaded or printed by clicking ‘Print’ on PO Detail page. To support the review of
changes, the PO change report will also be emailed to vendors.
Click the Print Icon to download or print report:




                                                                          ​Vroozi Supplier Portal
                                                                                              18
The Change Report will be included at the end of the PO.




Purchase Order Version Updates
Purchase Order versions will be updated if ​any f​ ield on a Purchase Order gets updated
through POCR. These changes and new version numbers will be visible on Purchase
Orders on the ‘PO Details’ and ‘PO Status’ screens in Supplier Portal.
PO Status screen:




                                                                          ​Vroozi Supplier Portal
                                                                                              19
Advanced Shipping Notices
Notify your buyers of shipments using Advanced Shipping Notifications (ASN). Notification
will go directly to the individual who submitted the PO.
   ●   Note:​ While creation of an ASN is not required it is a best practice and may be the
       standard set by your buyers.

C​REATE​ ​AN​ A​DVANCED​ S​HIPPING​ N​OTICE
Shipment Notice can be generated from Purchase Orders with ‘Ready’ or ‘Confirmed’
statuses.




   1. Enter shipping information as received by Carrier.

   2. Enter any desired messages to Buyer

   3. Add Shipping Information

   4. Delete, Save or Submit.

          ●   Saved ASNs move to the ‘Draft’ tab of the Shipping Notices category.

   5. Upon submission, the employee from the buying company is informed that the
      associated Purchase Order has shipped.

P​ENDING​ I​TEMS
Items in an ASN if that item or a specific quantity of items is not yet ready to ship.



                                                                             ​Vroozi Supplier Portal
                                                                                                 20
Remove a line item(s):​ From the ASN draft for any items that are not yet ready for
shipment by clicking the garbage can icon.
Reduce Quantity: If an item is removed from an ASN because the Pending Items icon will
highlight on the ASN.
Click the Pending Icon to view items awaiting an ASN. From the Pending view, check the
box next to the item(s) to add to the ASN draft.




T​RACK​ A​DVANCED​ S​HIPPING​ N​OTICES
   ●   View all inclusive list of all POs with ASNs
   ●   Shipment Notices will be found in ‘Draft’ ,’Shipped’, ‘Received’ and ‘Cancelled’
       statuses




                                                                            ​Vroozi Supplier Portal
                                                                                                21
Invoices
The Supplier Portal allows the supplier user to generate Invoices.
   ●   Invoices can be generated directly through Purchase Orders or their associated
       Advance Shipping Notices. (​ Flip to Invoice)

T​RACK​ I​NVOICES
View all inclusive list of Invoices. List includes ‘Drafts’, ‘Pending’, ‘In Process’ and ‘Paid’
statuses.
   ●   Invoices will be the
       following statuses
       based on the
       actions taken
       against them.
           ○ Draft
           ○ Pending
           ○ Paid
           ○ Partially Paid
           ○ Rejected

F​LIP​ A
       ​ ​ PO ​TO​ I​NVOICE
‘Flip a PO’ to Invoice only applies to POs submitted via the Supplier Portal.
The next step for a ​Confirmed​ or S
                                   ​ hipped​ invoice is to ‘Flip PO to Invoice’.

   1. Locate the PO you wish to create an Invoice against.

   2. Two ways to ‘Flip PO to Invoice’
          ✓ From the search results
            select the ellipses in the
            filter column. Once clicked
            the ‘Flip PO to Invoice’
            option will appear.

          ✓ From the PO screen, hover
            over the bottom right corner and click the ellipses to reveal the ‘Flip PO to
            Invoice’. (shown on next page)




                                                                                   ​Vroozi Supplier Portal
                                                                                                       22
   3. Select Flip PO to Invoice’ to the invoice draft. (As shown below the PO will already
      be linked to the PO draft.)




   4. Unless using a PO outside the system or other documentation to support invoice,
      uploading and attachment will not be
      required.

   5. Complete the Invoice Details including your
      invoice number, Invoice date, Payment Terms
      and Payment Due Date. Match your uploaded
      PO to the buyer PO to create the Invoice. Enter
      missing details, confirm all other details are
      correct and submit.

I​NVOICE​ ​FROM​ P​ARTIALLY​ C​ONFIRMED​ PO​S
‘Partially Confirmed’ POs can be invoiced directly from the ‘Tasks’ view by clicking the
rotating arrow icon. (shown below) This action will create an invoice o​ nly for items​ that
have been confirmed.




                                                                              ​Vroozi Supplier Portal
                                                                                                  23
The Invoice draft will only display the ​confirmed​ item(s). The invoice can then be created
as you would any other invoice.




C​REATE​ ​AN​ I​NVOICE​ ​WITHOUT​ ‘F​LIP​ PO ​TO​ I​NVOICE​’
   1. Select ‘Create Invoice’ from bottom of the Navigation Panel. This will open the
      Invoice draft.

   2. Link the documents by retrieving your PO. Select the magnifying glass.




                                                                            ​Vroozi Supplier Portal
                                                                                                24
   3. Complete the Invoice Details including your invoice number, Invoice date, Payment
      Terms and Payment Due Date. Match your uploaded PO to the buyer PO to create
      the Invoice. Enter missing details, confirm all other details are correct and submit.

   4. The PO then moves to ‘Pending’ until payment is received and confirmed.




C​REATE​ ​AN​ I​NVOICE​ - U​SING​ ​A​ PO S​ UBMITTED​ ​OUTSIDE​ ​OF
THE​ P​ORTAL

   1. Select ‘Create Invoice’ from bottom of the Navigation Panel

   2. Select ‘Upload Attachment’ (shown below) to retrieve the
      buying organization PO you would like to flip to an invoice.




   3. Copy the PO details from the left side of the screen onto the invoice draft on the
      right side of the screen.



                                                                          ​Vroozi Supplier Portal
                                                                                              25
   4. Confirm all line items details are correct.

   5. Select ‘Submit’ to send the invoice to the buying organization.

F​INAL​ I​NVOICE
Supplier Portal Users have the ability to define an invoice as a ‘Final Invoice’, essentially
short closing the Invoice. The Final invoice indicator is
located directly under the linked PO. (right) The
indicator will default to ‘No’ but can be changed to
Final Invoice by clicking ‘Yes.’

Final Invoices are most often applied to Blanket or
Service POs when the allocated PO amount is not
representative of the Actual PO value. The PO actual
amount is what the buying organization is invoiced for.

   ●   For example the service PO may be for $600 but the actual invoice may only come
       in at $550. In this case the Portal user can elect to close the invoice for receiving
       and future invoices created against the PO by selecting ‘Final Invoice’.

Currently Final Invoice functionality does not apply to invoices with multiple POs. The final
invoice indicator will appear on invoices with more than one PO but the toggle defaulted
to ‘No’ cannot be changed as it could be for a single PO.

If there are items that have n
                             ​ ot​ been invoiced those remaining items will be ​cancelled​.
The non Invoiced items will then be removed from the PO and the audit trail will reflect
the changes.


Final Invoices from a Buying Organization

                                                                              ​Vroozi Supplier Portal
                                                                                                  26
Supplier users viewing an invoice designated as ‘Final Invoice’ by the buying organization,
will see “This is a final invoice.” noted on the Invoice. This message will be visible once the
Invoice has been processed and submitted for coding, approval, or posting by the buying
organization. (below)




Additional Functionality
C​OMMENTS
Comments can be added to each document type (PO, ASN, Invoice) by navigating to the
Quick Navigation tools running along the right side of any opened document. Comments
allow you to tag and message your internal portal users or buying organization’s users.
Please review the steps below.

Add Comment
   1. Click A
            ​ dd Comments




   2. Complete Message



                                                                             ​Vroozi Supplier Portal
                                                                                                 27
         ●   Comments will be viewable by all users with access to the document. To
             specifically notify a user(s), type @ to retrieve a list of users to tag in the
             comment.




         ●   Any user(s) tagged will receive email notification of a ‘Comment’.
         ●   The addition of a document ‘Comment’ to a new PO or invoice will be
             viewable in the Portal Dashboard ‘Tasks




‘Comments’ Notification
When a comment has been added to a document either by an buying organization
employee or within your supplier organization Portal, tagged users are made aware of a
comment two ways; via email and if logged in via Push notification.

Email
Once the email is retrieved, click ‘Respond in Vroozi’ to navigate to the commented
document in the Portal.




                                                                               ​Vroozi Supplier Portal
                                                                                                   28
Respond to a Comment
Click the link in the pop-up notification to view the commented document. Once the
document with the new comment is opened, the comment field will expand into view.
From here, you can make a comment or take action as needed.




Push Notification
When a Supplier Portal user who is logged in while another user tags them in a comment
that SP user will receive a push notification.




                                                                      ​Vroozi Supplier Portal
                                                                                          29
Sales Trends




   ●   Reporting features are found on the Portal Dashboard. Select any of the visible
       graphs or data tiles to view specific details

R​EPORT​ N​AVIGATION
Narrow Down Search
Click the milestone dates to drill down to specific details.




   ●   Select Specific terms (shown above) and view or download the results. (shown
       below)




                                                                          ​Vroozi Supplier Portal
                                                                                              30
   ●   Download sales trends table as shown in your dashboard.




Schedule Reports
Select the Gear icon (shown above)

   1. Name
   2. Select destination
   3. Add 1 or multiple recipients
   4. Select format
   5. Set report frequency




                                                                 ​Vroozi Supplier Portal
                                                                                     31
