          Purchase Approver
               Guide
The following guide covers all aspects of the Vroozi Financial Approver role in Vroozi
Purchase. Based on your organization's requisition workflow there may be many
approvers in the approval chain.




Table of Contents:
Profile                                                                                  1
   Personal Details                                                                      1
   Pin Code                                                                              1
Approver Settings                                                                        1
   Alternate Approver                                                                    1
        When to Use                                                                      2
        Need to Know                                                                     2
   Out of Office                                                                         2
        Need to Know Info:                                                               2
        Next Steps                                                                       2
   Enable Out of Office                                                                  2
Navigation Panel                                                                         3
   Filters                                                                               4
Requisition Types                                                                        4
   Approve by logging into Vroozi                                                        5
   Approve from your Mobile Device                                                       6
   Approval Notes                                                                        6
Edit a Requisition                                                                       7
   Apply To All Editing                                                                  8
   Split Account Assignment                                                              8
PROFILE
PERSONAL DETAILS
Upon logging in for the first time, all users should update their personal details. See
your Getting Started Guide for further details.



PIN CODE
For approvers the Pin Code field is particularly important. See the Approve on the Go!
section for further details.




APPROVER SETTINGS
ALTERNATE APPROVER

Essentially acts a “clone” of the original approver

  ●   Receives the same email notifications and can perform the same
      actions as the original approver

  ●   “Inherits” the same attributes as the original, including approval levels
      and next approver

  ●   Requisition and approval status show up in both user’s approval queues
                                                                        Approver Guide 1
                                                                          Updated 5/16/2023
When to Use
  ● A long-term “back-up” or “second contact” for approvals

  ● Coverage for unplanned availability

  ● Minimizes maintenance activity

Need to Know
  ● This creates a scenario where both users can attempt the same action.

  ● Requisitions show up in both user’s queues.

  ● Changes affect only newly created documents, not previously existing
    ones.

  ● The settings are performed and visible only within the approver’s
    profile.

OUT OF OFFICE
A temporary process that forwards emails/actions to another user

  ● Retains same roles/privileges as initially set for a limited time period

  ● Easy to set and control; automatically expires



Need to Know Info:

  ✓ Changes affect only newly created documents, not previously existing
    ones
  ✓ The settings are performed and visible only within your own profile



Next Steps

  ✓ Review your current approver levels/flow
      ○ next approver; fallback approver; auto-forward time

  ✓ Inform your Alternate or Out of Office (OOO) approver of the setting
       ○ Alternate and OOO together are not compatible

ENABLE OUT OF OFFICE
                                                                 Approver Guide 2
                                                                   Updated 5/16/2023
*OOO is only available if activated by your Vroozi Administrator.

To get started, open your User Profile and turn on the Vacation
Responder “On”. (shown on right) Once the Vacation Responder
is activated, complete the following steps:

   1. Enter the Starting Date

   2. Enter the Ending Date

   3. Complete Out of Office Message.

   4. Select if you want your approvals
       forwarded. If a Specific Approver is
       selected, you will be prompted to
       select that person.

         ●   *Note: Selection of ‘Do Not
             Forward’ could be
             overwritten by any global
             approval queue settings
             defined by your
             administrator.

   5. Select an Approver from the list of Approvers defined for your organization.

   6. ‘Save Out Of Office Settings’ to confirm vacation changes




NAVIGATION PANEL
When logging in, Approvers immediately access the Approve Requests screen with
the filter “Status: Financial Review”. The search results display all the pending
Purchase Requests that require a Financial approval by that approver. There are
three “Status” filters that the user can select:

   ●   Financial Review: Requests that are pending approval based on the value of
       the Purchase Request and the approver’s approval limit.

   ●   Approved: Purchase Requests that the approver has reviewed and approved.

   ●   Rejected: Purchase Requests that the approver has reviewed and rejected.




                                                                     Approver Guide 3
                                                                        Updated 5/16/2023
FILTERS
   Additionally, the following Filters can be applied:

   ●   Approved By Me: All Purchase Requests approved by the approver.

   ●   Supplier Name: Purchase Requests that contain a selected supplier.

   ●   Status: Purchase Requests based on the selected status: Financial Review,
       Approved, or Rejected

   ●   Requester: Purchase Requests from a specific Requester.

   ●   Delivery Date: Purchase Requests with a delivery date on, after, or before a
       given date.


REQUISITION TYPES
Within Vroozi, requesters may submit several types of requisitions.

   ●   Catalog: Includes both searchable Internal Catalogs and Punchout Catalog
       items and services.

   ●   Non-Catalog: Free Text line items for vendor products or services that are not
       available in the catalogs.
                                                                      Approver Guide 4
                                                                        Updated 5/16/2023
      *Requisitions submitted may include both free text and catalog items.

  ●   Blanket or “Limit”: A type of Non-Catalog Free Text request that consists of a
      requirement that will be delivered over a period of time.

  ●   Invoice Plan: An automatic scheduled payment plan, like scheduled monthly
      lease payments or interval payments. This section outlines how to create an
      Invoice Plan by using the Non-Catalog Free Text Request functionality.

APPROVE BY LOGGING INTO VROOZI


  1. At login you are directed to the Approve Requests screen with the filter
     “Status: Financial Review” applied by default:




  2. Select the request where you would like to take action

  3. In the Purchase Request, select ‘Approve’, ‘Reject’, or ‘Edit’

         a. Note: Edit is only available where configured.

         b. Financial approvers are limited on what they can edit. See the section
            ”Edit a Requisition”. .




                                                                      Approver Guide 5
                                                                        Updated 5/16/2023
APPROVE FROM YOUR MOBILE DEVICE
Once your 4 digit Pin Code has been saved in your user Profile, you
are ready to approve on the go!

Approve or Reject: Tap/Click the “APPROVE” option. You will be
directed to the Vroozi Authentication screen where you’ll enter
your PIN code and reason.

Once Rejection or Approval is complete a confirmation screen will
appear.




APPROVAL NOTES
Whether approving from your computer or on
the go, approval or rejection of a requisition will
prompt Approvers to provide a note. This is an
optional field.


                                                                      Approver Guide 6
                                                                        Updated 5/16/2023
EDIT A REQUISITION
Depending on individual permissions set up at user creation, approvers may have
the ability to edit the accounting segments on a Requisition.




To edit the details of a request:

   1. Click ‘Edit’ at the bottom of the Requisition view.

   2. The information at the top of the request form includes the Request name,
       Supplier, Submitted date and Requester.

   3. The price and any items related to the specific line items, services or goods
       cannot be edited.
       Only the line item
       accounting string
       is editable with
       the Approver
       editing
       permission. (See
       next page)

   3. Select to Save
       Item.


                                                                      Approver Guide 7
                                                                         Updated 5/16/2023
      Changes to these fields will not require the review of the Requester but may
   again be changed by another approver if part of a workflow. Or they could be
   adjusted at the AP level when approving the Purchase order that by that point
   has converted to an invoice.

      If your organization does not allow changes at the approver level, adjustments
   are left to the AP team who again can make changes once the PR becomes
   converted to an Invoice.

      Once all details are reviewed, select ‘Done’ to pass the Requisition forward to
   the next stage of the procurement process.

APPLY TO ALL EDITING
   1. Select the line items you would like to update with the same accounting
      information by checking the boxes to the left of each.

   2. Click 'Apply to All'.




   3. Make appropriate changes and select ‘Apply Changes'. You will be returned to
      the Line Item Overview and your Line Items will be updated.

SPLIT ACCOUNT ASSIGNMENT
While in the Edit a Request screen, you have the choice to amend the Line Item
Details of the items or services you have selected.

   1. From the Purchase Request screen, locate the item you would like to split and
      click on the linked item Description.

   2. Scroll down to the Accounting section.

   3. Choose how to split the Account Assignment—by Quantity, by Value or by
      Percent.

   4. Choose an Account Category (i.e. Cost Center) from the drop down menu. The
      Cost Object options will automatically update based on your selection.




                                                                      Approver Guide 8
                                                                         Updated 5/16/2023
5. Choose the corresponding Cost Object.

6. Enter your Quantity, Value or Percent for the first part of your Accounting Split.

7. Input the split information for the second Account Category.

8. If more than two splits are needed, click the + button and continue filling out
   the relevant information for each until completed.

9. Scroll down and click the Save button to update the Line Item. (not pictured)




                                                                    Approver Guide 9
                                                                       Updated 5/16/2023
