 Purchase Administrator
                               Guide
Comprehensive Guide to the Master Administrator role In Vroozi Purchase.




Table of Contents:
Homepage Anatomy                                                                    6
   Navigation Panel                                                                 6
   Dashboard Analytics                                                              7

Shopper view                                                                        7

Company                                                                             8
   Profile                                                                          8
   Settings                                                                         8
      Subscription settings                                                         8
      User Timeout settings                                                         9
      Help                                                                          9
      SKU Number                                                                    9
   Messages                                                                         9
      Welcome Message                                                              10
   Workflow                                                                        10
      Request Approval Workflow                                                    10
      Out of Office                                                                10
      Sourcing Workflow                                                             11


                                                                      Admin Guide 1
                                                                     Updated 5/21/2021
      Sourcing Rules                                        11
      Exempt Suppliers                                     12
      Decision Codes                                       12
   Connectors                                              13
      Avalara                                              13
      QuickBooks                                           13
      Vertex                                               13
      CSV Connector                                        15
      Xero                                                 16

ERP Adapter                                                18
   SSO                                                     18
   Replication                                             18
   Settings - Workflow Activation                          19

API Integration                                            19

Master Data                                               20
   Users                                                  20
      User Search and Filter                              20
      Edit/Deactivate/Activate Users                      20
      Create a User                                        21
   Requester Role Permissions                              23
      Line Item Bulk Upload                                23
      Restrict coding of PR/PO                             23
      Submit Request Forms                                24
      Submit RFQs to Suppliers                            24
   Addresses                                              24
      Address Types                                       24
      Allow User Created Addresses                         25
   Organization                                           26
      Organization Search                                 26
      Create Organization Codes & segments                26
      Company Code                                        26
      Purchasing Organization                              27
      Plant                                                27

                                             Admin Guide 2
                                             Updated 5/21/2021
Accounting Segments                                     27
   Enable Types                                         27
   Accounting Search                                   28
   Create Accounting Segments                          28
   Activate & Deactivate Records                       28
   GL Accounts                                         28
   Customers                                           28
        Customer Code Creation                         29
   Cost Center                                         29
        Cost Center Creation                           29
   WBS Elements                                        30
        WBS Element Creation                           30
   Internal Orders                                     30
   Classes                                             30
        Class Creation                                 30
   Location                                             31
        Location Creation                               31
   Location Type                                        31
   Project                                              32
   Profit Centers                                       32
Taxes                                                   33
   Create Tax Codes                                    34
Payment Terms                                          36
Categories                                             36
Units of Measure                                       36
Currencies                                              37
   Add Currency                                         37
   Currency Exchange Rate Functionality                38
   Decimal Place Logic                                 38
Suppliers                                              38
   Create New Supplier                                 39
        Configurations                                 40
   Output Method                                        41



                                          Admin Guide 3
                                          Updated 5/21/2021
     Activate/ Deactivate Supplier                                               42
     Supplier Bulk Upload Utility                                                42
  Buyer Data                                                                     43
     Create Buyer Group                                                          43
        Buyer Group Outcomes                                                     44

Documents                                                                        45
  Types and Numbers                                                              45
  Settings                                                                       46
     Purchase Requests                                                           46
        Item Long Descriptions for Catalog Items                                 46
        Allow Attachments                                                        46
        Require Attachments for non catalog items                                46
        Allow PR Processing to external system                                   46
        Allow automatic PR submissions to be scheduled for a future date         46
  Purchase Orders                                                                47
     Terms & Conditions                                                          47
     Allow for PO cancel                                                         47
     Allow Purchase Orders to be generated by Company Code                       48
     Disable PO Functionality                                                    48
  Purchase Order Change Request (POCR)                                           49
     Custom Field Permission                                                      51
     Line Item Quantity Changes                                                   51
     Edit Price                                                                   52
     Approval Workflows                                                           52
     Supplier Portal Workflows                                                    53
  Line Item Configuration                                                        54
        Supplier Line Item Configuration                                         54
     Goods Receipt Configuration                                                  55
     Budget                                                                       55
  cXML Setup                                                                     56
     Enable cXML Suppliers                                                       56
     Incoming cXML Documents                                                     56
     Outgoing cXML Documents                                                     58


                                                                    Admin Guide 4
                                                                    Updated 5/21/2021
      Downloadable cXML Templates                59
   Custom Fields                                 59
      Custom Field List Default                  60
      Bulk Upload                                 61
      Ownership change                            61
      PR Rejection Configuration                 62
   Custom Labels                                 62

Accounts Payable                                 63
   Settings                                      63
      Email Set Up                               63
   Dashboard                                     64
   Exception Handling                            65
   Preferences                                   65

Supplier Portal                                  65

Troubleshooting                                  65
   PO Failures                                   65
      Track Failed POs                           66




                                    Admin Guide 5
                                    Updated 5/21/2021
HOMEPAGE ANATOMY
The homepage of the Administration page is easy to navigate. Select the Categories
listed in the left sidebar to utilize the various Vroozi Purchase functions. (From top to
bottom)

NAVIGATION PANEL

                        1. Profile: The top left corner typically displays a user’s First
                        Name or Initials. The drop-down menu here reveals Profile,
                        My Data (address), as well as the Logout icon.
                        2. Shopper View: View the Shopper’s(Requester’s)
                        experience when using the Vroozi Purchase.
                        3. Dashboard: Your home screen upon login. Create
                        customized reporting based on your specific date.
                        4. Company: Through the company settings tab the Admin
                        can change assorted settings, messages and workflow.
                        5. ERP Adapter: Customize your ERP applications enhance
                        the automated services available through Vroozi.
                        6. Master Data: Where all the master data is held: Users,
                        Addressees, Organization, Accounting, Taxes, UOM (Unit of
                        Measure), Currencies, Suppliers, Buyer Data and Catalog
                        Content.
                        7. Documents: Types and Numbers, Settings and Custom
                        Fields.
                        8. Accounts Payable: Create, Track, Post Invoices. Create
                        Workflows, Approval groups and other accounting
                        preferences.
                        9. Supplier Portal: Customers utilizing the Portal Module
                        can access configurations, preferences and comprehensive
                        list of all supplier portal users.
                        10. Reports: Create reports using data from the previous 60
                        days.
                        11. Document Flow: Review the history of a specific
                        transaction.
                        12. Approve Requests: View and access requests at all
    stages of the approval process.
13. Receipts: View and access Purchase Orders at all stages of the buying process.


                                                                            Admin Guide 6
                                                                            Updated 5/21/2021
14. Quotes: Request quotes from multiple suppliers to leverage the best price and
    delivery date.
15. Shipping Notes: Customers utilizing the Portal module can view shipping
    notices sent through the Supplier Portal. This category is applicable for all
    Requesters, Central Receivers, Buyers and Administrators. See Customer’s Guide
    to the Supplier Portal for further details.
16. Buy Route: Allows your approved purchase requisitions to go through
    professional buyers for sourcing with your approved vendor list.

DASHBOARD ANALYTICS
Please see the Vroozi Administrator Analytics Guide for specific details.




SHOPPER VIEW
To view what your Requesters will experience, select on the ‘Shopper View’ button on
the sidebar. See Requester Guide for specific details.




                                                                            Admin Guide 7
                                                                            Updated 5/21/2021
COMPANY
PROFILE
After logging into the admin page, you will automatically see the Company’s Profile.
The Company’s Profile will auto populate through the Admin Page. Your Vroozi
profile will tell you the following: Company Name, Company Username, Company
Code and Company Password.
Before starting any work, Admins should verify that all the information is correct on
the Company’s your Profile page. All the fields should automatically populate. This
is informational and for view purposes only.

SETTINGS
   1. Default Lead Time The default lead- time will allow you to set a default date
      for the delivery date. In the following example the Default Lead Time is 30, this
      means 30 days from when you submit your purchase request the item will be
      delivered. The
      Default Lead
      time for can
      be set to 30
      days.
   2. DocuSign - To
      enable
      DocuSign, check the box adjacent to 'Enable DocuSign'.
   3. Modify Application Title - We recommend you leave as it is to streamline
      communication with Vroozi Support.
   4. Shopper Dashboard Statistics - Select which data users see on their
      Dashboard.
   5. Show All Suppliers - Check the box to enable



Subscription settings
This section describes subscription settings, budget, help, user timeout settings and
PO change requests.
   ●   To enable subscription settings, check the box marked in red.




                                                                          Admin Guide 8
                                                                         Updated 5/21/2021
User Timeout settings
To auto log out the user, set the first drop-down box to the appropriate time frame.
To allow a logout warning before auto logging the user off set the second drop down
to the appropriate time.



Help
When the Standard Page option is selected, users are directed to Vroozi Helpdesk for
support. When Custom Page is enabled you are given options to configure help
information specific to your company and users.



SKU Number
SKU number can now be displayed in product search
results if SKU flag is turned on in the purchase manager
supplier record.
The next page displays search results with the “Internal
SKU Number” included.




MESSAGES
The message feature allows the Admin to send messages that will appear on the
screen of any employee at any time. These messages will appear when the shopper
logs into the Vroozi Purchase Shopper View and are stored in the bottom left hand

                                                                       Admin Guide 9
                                                                       Updated 5/21/2021
corner if they need to be stored. They are available here in the Admin side to edit and
customize. Error messages are also available to customize in this chapter.



Welcome Message
A Welcome Message may be provided at the entrance to the software, it would be
seen at the bottom of the screen. These messages can be sent to all employees in
general or can be sent to specific employees depending on the preference of the
Admin. The welcome message is to be updated by the Vroozi Purchase Admin based
on direction from Sourcing O&I.

WORKFLOW
Request Approval Workflow
Create a general requisition approval process. select if the approval process will be
based on Spend Limit or irregardless of limit. Based on approval thresholds set for
each Approver, requisitions will go through approval review by a specific number of
approvers.
Here you will also designate a ‘Fallback Approver’ from the list of users with Approver
credentials.

Out of Office
Specify the rules for how approval requests should be forwarded. For example,
Administrators can specify the number of days a Purchase Request should be
allowed to sit dormant with an approver before the system automatically forwards it
to the next approver in the chain. Alternatively, Administrators can specify how many
times an Approver should be reminded should be reminded about a pending
request before it is forwarded to the next approver. Administrators can also choose to
enable “Out of Office” functionality for both Financial and Sourcing approvers in their
organization.




   1. Select ‘Enable Out of Office for Approvers’


                                                                         Admin Guide 10
                                                                         Updated 5/21/2021
   2. Select ‘Yes’ to forward the Purchase Request to the next Approver
   3. Select criteria for approval forwarding.
         ○ If ‘Number of Days’ was selected, use the fields below to type the
             desired number.



Sourcing Workflow
A Sourcing Review is the process of having a Purchase Request go through a special
workflow (reviewed by the Sourcing Approver) to ensure the company is receiving
the best price on any item being purchased.
Since not all orders need to go through this kind of review;
the company's Admin can set rules that would trigger the
review of a purchase request or change request. The
company's Admin will set these tables depending upon
the direction of the Company's Sourcing team. Once the
sourcing workflow is activated, all PR's will be checked
against the rules set on the tables explained below.
   ●   The rules that determine if a change request is
       subject to sourcing review or not, are the same as
       the rules applied to purchase requests. The PO audit
       trail will capture the details of a change request
       going through sourcing review. The audit trail can capture when a sourcing
       reviewer approves, rejects or edits a change request.
Sourcing Approvers can be given permission to edit Purchase Requisition details
including pricing, quantity, Supplier and Approver Notes. Permission to allow these
changes is a global setting (shown below)




Sourcing Rules
A Logic Rules Table sets the rules at which the PR is flagged for sourcing review and
determines when the special workflow is activated. Through this feature Admins can
activate/ deactivate items, search and filter or add a new Sourcing Rule.



                                                                        Admin Guide 11
                                                                        Updated 5/21/2021
See Sourcing Guide for specific details.
Example Below:




Exempt Suppliers
   ●   A supplier exemption table sets the list of suppliers that are exempt from the
       rules on the first table. Any purchase request created for these suppliers does
       not need to go through a sourcing review, even if the purchase request meets
       the rules set on the first table. Other features to this page include search/
       filter, activate/ deactivate or add exempt suppliers.
   ●   To add an exempt supplier, select the 'Add Exempt Supplier' button, and the
       following screen will appear. Fill out all the required fields and click the 'Save
       Exempt Supplier' button. Sourcing O&I will provide direction when a supplier
       needs to be added or removed.



Decision Codes
   ●   A Decision Codes Table sets a list of 'approval' and 'rejection' codes that the
       Sourcing Approver chooses prior either approving or rejecting the purchase



                                                                           Admin Guide 12
                                                                            Updated 5/21/2021
       request. These codes will appear on the sourcing approval screen when they
       review the purchase request.
   ●   To add a new decision code, select the Add Decision Code button and fill out
       the required fields. Sourcing O&I will provide direction when a decision code
       needs to be added or removed.

CONNECTORS
Connectors provide you with direct integration access to Vroozi partners.

Avalara
Cloud based tax resource that covers Sales, Use, VAT and GST taxes.



QuickBooks
Quickbooks enables invoice to be connected to the purchase manager system and
CSV allows the user to upload
and send CSV files via a SFTP
server.
   ●   To enable the
       Quickbooks connector
       move the button in red
       below to 'On'.



Vertex

Tax Integration and Calculation with Vertex ( PR, PO, POCR and Invoice)

Using Vertex buying organizations can calculate Tax from PR to POCR. Line item tax
calculation is based on line item category (once added to category template) which
is mapped to the Vertex tax codes, plus the ship to zip code and the line item dollar
amount

   ●   Streamlines knowledge of requested resources at PuRCHASE Request,
       Resources Committed at PO and actual expense at Invoice.




                                                                          Admin Guide 13
                                                                          Updated 5/21/2021
There are 3 Steps required for integration set up.

Step 1: Enable Vertex tax integration through Company → Connectors

Step 2: Map the purchasing categories with the product tax codes.




The tax code mapping will be done through your Product Category Mapping table. A
new column for Vertex tax code is now available in the Product Category template.
The template can be found at https://vroozi.zendesk.com.

   ●   Calculated amount is based on the unit price, address and tax code.

Upload your completed template in Master Data → Categories, selecting ‘Upload
New Categories’ in the bottom left corner of the screen.

Step 3: Select the Fallback Category Tax Code.

Note: Product Tax Code and Product Tax Descriptions can be seen in the mapping
columns.




                                                                       Admin Guide 14
                                                                       Updated 5/21/2021
The image below demonstrates a Requester’s view at the line item description level.

   1. Based on the line item category, a Vertex Tax Code has been associated
   2. The tax for the line item has been calculated.




Tax calculations displayed on the purchase request.




CSV Connector
If an external connector is not going to be used, aN sFTP/CSV should be set up as
your connector.



                                                                       Admin Guide 15
                                                                       Updated 5/21/2021
To enable the CSV connector fill out the information on the left and then move the
button marked in red below to 'On'.



Xero
One way invoice to bill connection.
All master data is manually entered and replicated to match what already exists in
Xero.




Process:
   1. Vroozi will pass Vroozi created invoices to Xero Billing.
   2. Enablement of the following Xero integration string: Agents, Projects and
       Branches
   3. Enablement of Vroozi defined accounting segment: GL accounts

                                                                       Admin Guide 16
                                                                       Updated 5/21/2021
4. The configuration of each accounting string in Vroozi must match the Master
   data that exists within your Xero account.
5. New accounting objects taken for Xero integration may include Business
   Units split into seperate accounts
6. Once the set is successfully created, each business unit will have a seperate
   connection.




                                                                     Admin Guide 17
                                                                      Updated 5/21/2021
ERP ADAPTER
This chapter explains the interaction between a buying organization’ERP (Enterprise
resource planning) and Vroozi Purchase, as well as how to edit the different settings
related to the ERP. An ERP is a set of applications that automate human resources,
finance, supply chain, etc.

SSO
Allow your users to access Vroozi from another system.
Complete all form fields.
   ●   Error Message: A user who doesn’t have access to Vroozi Purchase will receive
       an error message if they try to log into the system. Admins can amend the
       content of this message in Vroozi Purchase.




REPLICATION
The Document Replication Table is a section where the Admin will determine which
documents will be shared between the ERP system and the Vroozi system. You can


                                                                        Admin Guide 18
                                                                        Updated 5/21/2021
determine where the master document is always and if it is active or not. This
section is for informational purposes only.

SETTINGS - WORKFLOW ACTIVATION
   ●   Through this feature you can answer the following question: Do you want the
       ERP system to determine workflow or do you want Vroozi Admin to determine
       workflow?
   ●   This is just for reference; no changes should be made. Active would invoke the
       internal Vroozi Purchase workflow. Inactive would then utilize the external
       CAM financial workflow




API INTEGRATION
Mechanism which allows buying organizations to transmit master data and
transactional data between Vroozi and any external system, using structured
electronic data. A new integration will involve resources from the Vroozi Integration
team. Please reach out to the Customer Success team to review options and pricing.
Connection to an API allows buying companies' IT departments to authenticate into
the Vroozi API.




                                                                        Admin Guide 19
                                                                        Updated 5/21/2021
MASTER DATA
USERS
User Search and Filter
Through the User tab you can search for a specific user and see their first name, last
name, username, roles, last login, created date, status and see if they are currently
active.
   1. Search by
      username
      or role. As
      you type
      the list will
      narrow,
      eventually
      yielding
      one result,
      for fastest
      results be
      as specific as possible.
   User Detail
   User details include: Email, Username, First Name, Last Name, Default Approver,
   Spend Limit, and Role. To access these records, do the following-



Edit/Deactivate/Activate Users
   1. Choose a user from the list provided in the User tab. For easy access first
      search using the search bar to find said person faster.
   2. Select a user. The following screen will appear.
           ● To Edit: Click on the user’s first name to edit.
           ● To Activate or Deactivate: Check the box the left of user name then
click Activate or Deactivate
   3. Click the Save User button after editing any information.
See Vroozi Roles Directory to view role details and permissions.



                                                                         Admin Guide 20
                                                                         Updated 5/21/2021
Create a User
To create a new user, select the ‘Create a New User' button.
   1. Fill out all Basic Information.
   2. Select User Role




   3. For each Role Category, click the downward arrow to view the specific options
      within that category.

     Note: Many roles can be combined. Those which cannot be combined
     with a specific role will be grayed out once an incompatible role is
     selected.




                                                                      Admin Guide 21
                                                                      Updated 5/21/2021
4. Select Default language. All transactional documents within Vroozi will display
   based on the language selected. For example, when the ‘Default Language’
   selected on a user’s profile is ‘English (US)',
   then all amounts will have ‘,’ as thousand
   separator and ‘.’ as the decimal separator –
   EUR 1000 will be displayed as 1,000.00
   although the EUR standard is 1.000,00.

5. Complete the remaining fields, indicating the
   Accounting classifications for the user.
   Classifications listed are based on the
   accounting string and addresses configured in your Master Data; ‘Addresses’,
   ‘Organization’ & ‘Accounting’ set up.

      ○   As you begin typing in each field, the relevant accounting strings will
          populate.




                                                                     Admin Guide 22
                                                                      Updated 5/21/2021
   6. Once all fields are complete, click the blue ‘Save User’ button.

REQUESTER ROLE PERMISSIONS
Through user permissions, Administrators can enable or
disable an ‘Employee’ user’s ability to complete specific
functions.

Line Item Bulk Upload
Bulk Upload is set up as a permission in the individual’s user record.
   ● Check ‘Allow Bulk Line Item Upload’ if you wish for the employee to perform
      bulk uploads using the auto create functionality.
   ● If left unchecked, the user will not have permission to perform the action.




Restrict coding of PR/PO
   ●   Check ‘Restrict Coding or PR/PO’ if you do not want to grant an employee the
       ability to edit shipping addresses or Accounting coding on a PR/PO.
   ●   If left unchecked, the user will have permission to perform the action.




                                                                         Admin Guide 23
                                                                         Updated 5/21/2021
Submit Request Forms
  ●   Check ‘Submit Request Forms’ to grant an employee the ability to create
      RFQS. This addition will add “Create RFQs’ to the Requester’s navigation panel.
  ●   If left unchecked, the user will not have permission to perform the action.


Submit RFQs to Suppliers
  ●   Check ‘Submit RFQs to Suppliers’’ to grant an employee the ability to create
      RFQS.
  ●   If left unchecked, the user will not have permission to perform the action.


ADDRESSES
Address Types




  1. Delivery: The same as a ‘Shipping Addresses’ these addresses are assigned to
     each user at the record level.
  2. Company: A physical entity.
  3. Billing: Location where payment is directed.


Address Rules
  1. Multiple addresses may have the same location as long as their names are
     different.




                                                                      Admin Guide 24
                                                                       Updated 5/21/2021
   2. One address can be set as any combination of Delivery, Company and Billing.


Allow User Created Addresses
Enablement allows users with requisition editing rights (see user permissions) to
create new delivery addresses.




If enabled, the user can create new addresses under My Data.




New addresses can also be created from the Requisition draft.
   ●   Users cannot set a self created address as their default address but they can
       remove the default address and select another addresses at the requisition
       level.




Address Search and Filter
   ●   To search for any address, use the search field located here in red. Through
       this feature the Admin
       can filter and search for
       addresses quickly and
       effectively. The results will

                                                                         Admin Guide 25
                                                                         Updated 5/21/2021
       filter based on Name, Country, State/Region, City, Street and Zip Code.
Address Details
   ●   To see address details, select one of the addresses listed (marked in red
       below), either through the search/ filter feature or through a manual search.
   ●   After an address is selected the following screen will appear giving you the
       option to review or edit the following information: Types, Address Names,
       Attention To, Country, Street, City Zip, State, Phone or Tax ID. To save your
       results click on the Save Address button.
Activate/ Deactivate Addresses
   ●   Addresses cannot be activated or deactivated in Vroozi Purchase.

ORGANIZATION
Organization Search
‘Organization’ segments using keywords or terms as shown below.




Create Organization Codes & segments
   1. For each Organization code/segment select the green ‘Add’ button
   2. Complete the required fields.
         ○ The required fields will vary based on code/segment type.



Company Code
A company code is a 3-4 letter/ number code that defines a business entity. This is a
setting in their profile that the shopper should check first since it will default
throughout all the documents and forms through the Vroozi Purchase Requester
View. For example: CTL = TRAINING CO CODE.
   ●   Company Codes are assigned a ‘Billing’ and ‘Company Address’




                                                                         Admin Guide 26
                                                                          Updated 5/21/2021
Purchasing Organization
The purchasing organization represents the procuring unit in a legal sense. The way
in which you assign purchasing organizations to company codes and plants
determines the procurement method.
   ●   An example of a Purchasing Organization is A001- is for Corporate Offices. As
       of June 2015, A001 is the only Purchasing Organization valid for Vroozi
       Purchase.
   ●   The purpose of this section is to be able to search and filter, see user details,
       activate/ deactivate users, and manage the user bulk activity.
   Default Purchasing Organization Settings
   ●   To set a default Purchase Organization use the drop-down list marked in red
       below.



Plant
A plant is a building capable of manufacturing goods of all sizes in large quantities to
be sold by a business. Through this feature the Admin can see the different plants
and the corresponding number code to the plant.
       An example of a Plant Code is VZI.
   ●   Plant is for view purposes only. The plant is derived from the Company Code,
       which is derived from the account codes used in the PR.
   Plant Bulk Upload Utility
   ●   Through the plant bulk upload feature the Admin will have the option to
       upload Plants in bulk.

ACCOUNTING SEGMENTS
Your account structure helps you categorize your accounting information as you
record it. You create an account structure by enabling various accounting segments,
creating an accounting string.
A Company Code is used for all Accounting segments listed below.

Enable Types
Click each Accounting classification to activate financial distribution specifications
required for a request/purchase. Once activated, classifications are added as part of


                                                                           Admin Guide 27
                                                                           Updated 5/21/2021
the Purchase Request, Purchase Order, Goods Receipt, Goods Return and Invoice
flows.
A company code must first be created before the Accounting segments below can
be set up. Each accounting segment can be set individually as Active or Inactive.




Accounting Search
   For all sections within the Accounting Category, use the search bar that begins
   each section to search for specific classification.

Create Accounting Segments
   1. For each category, select the green Add button
   2. Complete the required fields.

Activate & Deactivate Records
   For all sections within the Accounting Category, check the box on the left of the
   item you are editing. Click either ‘Activate’ and ‘Deactivate’.



GL Accounts
A General Ledger (GL) Account is a unique record summarizing each type of an
asset, liability, equity, revenue and expense.
This information is needed to prepare
financial statements.



Customers
The Customer classification allows you to
associate projects to a customer.


                                                                        Admin Guide 28
                                                                        Updated 5/21/2021
Customer Code Creation
   When creating or editing a Customer Reference, in addition to your ‘Cost Center,’
   ‘WBSE,’ and ‘Internal Orders,’ you can also associate ‘Projects’ to these customer
   references. The ‘Project’ field will reference any combination of a Customer and
   Project together.



Cost Center
A cost center is part of an organization that does not produce direct profit and adds
to the cost of running a company. Assigning a cost center designates which area of
the business or event incurred the cost.
An example of a Cost Center is “Marketing, Accounting”

Cost Center Creation
Cost centers may be set for use during a specific period of time.




Sub cost centers may also be set for costs incurred as a sub-division of a larger cost
center.
   ●   Example: Transportation as the ‘Parent Cost Center’, Parking is the Sub Cost
       Center.




                                                                         Admin Guide 29
                                                                          Updated 5/21/2021
WBS Elements
A WBS Element is a hierarchical and incremental
decomposition of a project into phases, deliverables
and work packages. It is a tree structure, which shows
a subdivision of effort required to achieve an objective;
for example, a program, project, or contract.
There are several different types of WBS elements,
and if changed will automatically flow.

WBS Element Creation
   ●   A Profit Center or Project Center may be optionally applied to each WBS
       element.



Internal Orders
Internal orders are used to monitor overhead costs incurred for a specific event,
project or activity.


Classes
Cost Reporting for a specific division, department
or other organizational unit.

Class Creation
   ●   If activated ‘Sub Class’, allows you to house a
       class within a ‘Parent Class’.


                                                                        Admin Guide 30
                                                                         Updated 5/21/2021
   ●   Classes may be activated for a specific period of time.


Location
Enabling this field from the admin panel, will allow your users to select it at the line
item level while creating any document.
Location Creation
A Location may be assigned to ‘All Company Codes.’ If selected a ‘Location Type’
must be selected.




If a ‘Location’ is assigned to a user, this location will default at the document line
item level, but can also be overwritten at the PR/PO/Invoice level, including split
accounting per line item. ‘

   ●   Can be added per line item distribution or using the Apply All Function



Location Type
Location Type will be visible on a PR/PO/POCR if it is set as active at the company
code. Location Modal will associate with company code for which the location type
has been marked as ‘Yes’ with company code and Location type
If a company code is selected on a PR for which Location type is marked as ‘Yes’.
Then the Location type will appear on the PR line item. (shown below)
‘Location Type’ in the Invoice line item.




                                                                            Admin Guide 31
                                                                             Updated 5/21/2021
Project
A system or cost centre to track and report project specific transactions, with project
revenues, costs, assets and liabilities identified and allocated to the project.
Create Project
   1. Select the 'Add Project' and the following screen will appear.
   2. Fill out the required fields.
           ○ If desired, you can select a specific time frame when the Project will be
              valid.
*Sub projects can be created and tied to a parent project.



Profit Centers
Profit Centers will be associated with a defined company code. Profit Center creation
screen below:




                                                                         Admin Guide 32
                                                                          Updated 5/21/2021
TAXES
For customers that want to calculate the tax amount for individual line items within
Vroozi documents, without having to rely on using an external tax calculation service
provider.

Vroozi supports the assignment of fixed tax percentage
values, to the individual tax codes defined within your
organization’s Vroozi tax table. Use the tax table to
create unique Tax codes based on Company Code & Tax
Percentage.

Two new attributes have been added to the Tax Code
record, ‘Taxable’ and ‘Auto-Calculate Tax’. If the ‘Taxable’
checkbox is checked (shown on right) it implies that the Tax Code is taxable.

Checking ‘Taxable’ will prompt the Administrator to determine if the taxes should be
Auto-calculated when the tax code is referenced. By default this toggle is set to Off.




                                                                        Admin Guide 33
                                                                         Updated 5/21/2021
If the ‘Auto-calculate Tax’ toggle is turned On, Administrators are required to enter a
tax percentage to be applied. Administrators can also elect to apply tax to shipping
charges. (shown on next page)

With ‘Auto-calculate tax’, once the code is saved, any new Requisitions linked to the
referenced Tax Code will display taxes according to the code configuration.

      Tax Calculation for Code with Auto-calculate enabled:




      Auto-Calculate Tax Calculation with Shipping Charges included:




The auto-calculate tax is intended for buying organizations without a current tax
connector. Buying organizations with a tax connector (ex: Avalara) will continue to
use the tax calculations defined by the outside connector.



Create Tax Codes
Select Code using the arrows to find the appropriate selection


                                                                         Admin Guide 34
                                                                          Updated 5/21/2021
Steps:
   1. To create a new Tax Code first select 'Create New Tax Code' at the bottom of
      your screen.
   2. Enter the required fields; Tax Code Name and Description.
   3. Select one or multiple Company Codes to connect the Tax Code too.
   4. Company Codes are assigned to each Requester and most accounting
      segments. GL is assigned a tax code in their user record.
   5. 2 additional attributes determine how the tax code is applied.
          ● ‘Taxable’: If the ‘Taxable’ checkbox is checked (shown below) it implies
              that the Tax Code is taxable.
          ● Auto-calculate Tax: Checking ‘Taxable’ will
              prompt the Administrator to determine if the
              taxes should be Auto-calculated when the tax
              code is referenced. By default this toggle is
              set to Off.
                  ○ If turned On, Administrators are
                     required to enter a tax percentage to
                     be applied. Administrators can also
                     elect to apply tax to shipping charges.
   6. Click 'Save Tax Code'.
With ‘Auto-calculate tax’, once the code is saved, any new Requisitions linked to the
referenced Tax Code will display taxes according to the code configuration.

         Tax Calculation for Code with Auto-calculate enabled:




         Auto-Calculate Tax Calculation with Shipping Charges included:




                                                                        Admin Guide 35
                                                                          Updated 5/21/2021
The auto-calculate tax is intended for buying organizations without a current tax
connector. Buying organizations with a tax connector (ex: Avalara) will continue to
use the tax calculations defined by the outside connector.

PAYMENT TERMS
Create a payment term indicating specific number of days or calendar date,
discounts and tax calculations (percentages). Each term can then be selected and
applied with a PO.

CATEGORIES
Categories classify products and services in a way that makes sense for each
organization.
Category files can only be uploaded into the Vroozi Purchase module . To download
the current Category file, users will need to access Vroozi Catalog.
Using Category Mapping, Vroozi Catalog dynamically maps the supplier-provided
category codes, to the categories that your organization uses.




UNITS OF MEASURE
A Unit of Measure or (UoM) is a designation such as EACH that specifies the unit or
volume in which the product may be purchased. A Unit of Measure is pre-set for
items in the Catalogs.
Buying organizations adding new supplier catalogs will need to review their UOM
files to confirm all UOMs are represented.




                                                                        Admin Guide 36
                                                                        Updated 5/21/2021
If a new UOM needs to be added, the template containing the file containing current
UOMs should be downloaded from the Vroozi Catalog module and updated. (shown
below). UOM files can only be uploaded from the Vroozi Purchase module.




Within the Vroozi Catalog module, UOM files can be uploaded and downloaded.
(shown below)




CURRENCIES
Add Currency
   ●   To create a new currency, select the create new currency button, a screen will
       appear, fill out the required fields and click Save New Currency.




                                                                        Admin Guide 37
                                                                         Updated 5/21/2021
Currency Exchange Rate Functionality
The Master Data Currency management table allows Administrators to define an
exchange rate against all company defined currencies. The exchange rates will be
used to determine the correct Sourcing and Financial workflows routing rules. An
exchange rate will not be used to make
currency conversions visible on your
transactional document, and is only used by
the underlying routing workflow functions.
   ● The exchange rate will require manual
      updates by the Purchase Administrator.
   ● Configuration can be found under
      Master Data>Currency>Add Currency


See the Sourcing Workflow section for details on currency conversion.



Decimal Place Logic
Within the Currency record
"Min. Decimal Places" and
"Max. Decimal Places"
dictate the decimal place
precision displayed on
amount fields pertaining to
a specific currency.

This allows customers to
define the decimal place
set up based on each
currency. For example, a
customer could configure 0
decimal places for JPY and
2 decimal places for USD.

SUPPLIERS
A supplier is the party in the supply chain that makes goods and services available to
companies.


                                                                        Admin Guide 38
                                                                         Updated 5/21/2021
Create New Supplier
While suppliers can be created in Vroozi Purchase, if you are going to use the
supplier to create a
catalog we recommend
creating the Supplier in
Vroozi Catalog as this is
where the catalog can
also be created and
linked to that supplier.
Some supplier
information including
permissions, output
method will then be
enriched in the Vroozi
Purchase.
Creating a Supplier in
Vroozi Catalog
essentially establishes
the “Where” your goods or services are coming from. The increased Supplier details
found in a Supplier’s Vroozi Purchase record establishes the “How”, as includes
specifications regarding the use of Goods Receipts, PO acknowledgements, output
and input methods.
To create a new Supplier, select the ‘Create a New Supplier' button. Fill out all
required fields.

 *Note: There are 5 tabs within the ‘Create New Supplier’ view. Only the ‘Basic Info’
 tab has required information fields
 **Note: If your organization utilizes the Supplier Portal Module the ‘Supplier
 Portal’ tab will also be present.




                                                                          Admin Guide 39
                                                                           Updated 5/21/2021
Configurations
  ●   Include in Supplier Card: If enabled, Requesters will see a card for the
      supplier, on their Shopper view
      dashboard allowing them to recall
      hosted catalog products associated
      with the supplier.
  ●   Disable Browse: If toggle is on for the
      supplier Requesters will not be able to
      use the Supplier’s card in their Shopper
      dashboard to access the supplier’s
      hosted catalog items. They will however
      continue to have access to these
      catalog items via category, keyword and
      product searches.
  ●   Catalog Supplier: If the ‘Catalog Supplier’ flag is turned ‘On’ for a supplier, the
      system will only allow Purchase Orders, and Purchase Requests documents to
      be created from catalog line items. This supplier name will not appear on the
      ‘Recommended Supplier’ field when creating a ‘Free- Text’ line item.

  ●   Non-Catalog Supplier: If the ‘Non-Catalog Supplier flag is turned ‘On’ for a
      supplier, the system will allow the Purchase Orders, and Purchase Request
      documents to be created from free-text line items. This supplier will not be
      available to create a catalog against.

  ●   Catalog & Non-Catalog Supplier: If both flags are turned ‘On’, the supplier
      will be available for both Catalog & Non-Catalog Purchase Request line items.

  ●   Approval Threshold: Maximum PO amount for items requested within
      supplier.

  ●   Supplier Lead Time: Set by number of weeks, days or by a specific date. This
      information is typically set by the supplier.

  ●   Minimum Order Value Amount: Set by each supplier.

  ●   Goods Receipt Thresholds: Designate Threshold for items.



                                                                          Admin Guide 40
                                                                           Updated 5/21/2021
   ●   ERS: (Functionality currently not operational)

   ●   PO Change Requests: Allows users to modify POs for this supplier, creating a
       new version with the same PO number. The agreement to allow changes
       should be confirmed by each supplier.

   ●   Supplier Provides PO Acknowledgement: If toggled on, a non-Supplier
       Portal Supplier will have the ability to Confirm PO directly from the PO email
       notification. Once the Supplier does this, the PO status will change from
       Ordered to Submitted.




Output Method
Designate how the Supplier will receive the purchase order.
Select Output Method asEmail, Supplier Portal, EDI or cXML. Based on selection,
additional information may be required.

   1. Email: Enter the supplier’s output email

   2. Supplier Portal: Only applicable if your buying organization is utilizing the
      Vroozi Supplier Portal.

   3. EDI: no additional information required.

   4. CXML: If cXML is selected, the following information should be entered:
        ● Send alert of PO creation to:
        ● Domains and Identity should be entered.




                                                                         Admin Guide 41
                                                                         Updated 5/21/2021
Activate/ Deactivate Supplier
To activate or deactivate a supplier, select one or more suppliers through the
checkbox on the left side. Then choose either Activate or Deactivate, the status will
reflect the change in the 'Status' Column.



Supplier Bulk Upload Utility
Save time by uploading several or all of your suppliers at one time.



            Bulk Upload Template: If desired you can download a Vroozi template
            which includes fields for all required supplier data.




                      Export List: Click the Export Icon to view currently uploaded
      suppliers.




           Import List: Once you have a Supplier List created and saved, click the
      Import Icon to populate in Vroozi.




                                                                         Admin Guide 42
                                                                          Updated 5/21/2021
BUYER DATA
Through the assignment of Buyer Groups, buyers can be assigned at PR creation
based on the product categories and vendors.




Create Buyer Group
To create a Buyer group, select the green 'Add Buyer Group' icon. Fill out the
information needed, and press Save.
          1. Complete Group Name & Description - required
          2. Associate to Category, Suppliers and/or Vendors




                                                                        Admin Guide 43
                                                                         Updated 5/21/2021
Buyer Group Outcomes

Buyers: Can track created PO's, act
on PO's that are stuck in Process, and
also create POCR's.

Requesters: Buyer visibility at line
item level.




In the example below the Requisition category is selected as Electronics which then
automatically assigns the document to the technology Group of Buyers.

Buyer information can also be found on the transactional record via ‘Related
Documents. (below)

Suppliers: Buyer contact information is added to the PO’s received by Supplier,
enabling suppliers to see all organizational contacts:

   ●   Buyer name and email
   ●   Shipping address & contact
   ●   Billing address & contact information




                                                                      Admin Guide 44
                                                                       Updated 5/21/2021
DOCUMENTS
TYPES AND NUMBERS
Denotes what the document numbering scheme will be for all document types
including Purchase Requests, Purchase Orders, Goods Receipts, Goods Returns,
Quick RFQ’s, Quick Quotes and Invoices.
Document Number Scheme
   ●   Create new document types and see the status of said documents.




                                                                   Admin Guide 45
                                                                    Updated 5/21/2021
SETTINGS
Purchase Requests

Item Long Descriptions for Catalog Items
Enable catalog ‘Long Item Descriptions’ to transfer
from the catalog to the PR. This company level
configuration applies to all catalog items.

Allow Attachments
If enabled, attachments included in a Purchase Request will carry over to the
Purchase Order.

Require Attachments for non catalog items
If enabled, all Requisition line items with non catalog items will require an
attachment. Requisitions without supporting attachments will display an error
message noting the requirement and submission of the requisition will be disabled
until an attachment is included for each non catalog line item.

Allow PR Processing to external system
Enablement of this toggle supports the use of an external system for Requisition
processing. Requisition creation will occur
within Vroozi, then once submitted by the
creator, the Requisition will be sent to a
designated external system for review and
conversion to a Purchase Order.
Enablement will require the connection of
backend API c configurations by the Vroozi
team.


Allow automatic PR submissions to be scheduled for a future date
Employees can be given the ability to schedule
the automatic submission of a Purchase Request.
This functionality can be enabled by Admins, via
the new ‘Allow automatic PR submissions to be
scheduled for a future date’ setting, under

                                                                       Admin Guide 46
                                                                        Updated 5/21/2021
‘Purchase requests’ Admin Panel -> Documents -> Settings

➢ Submission dates can be set from 24 hours in advance up to several years.



PURCHASE ORDERS
Terms & Conditions
   ●   From the Terms & Conditions field, you can select to omit Terms & Conditions,
       use Vroozi’s Terms & Conditions or select ‘Custom Terms & Conditions’ to copy
       and paste or type your own.




Allow for PO cancel
Enablement will allow Administrators, Buyers and Requesters to cancel a PO.




       Cancel PO option as shown from PO Details screen:




Enablement will only apply to POs with the following status’: Ordered, Confirmed,
Partially Confirmed



                                                                       Admin Guide 47
                                                                        Updated 5/21/2021
Allow Purchase Orders to be generated by Company Code
Enablement will create a new PO for each Requisition line item featuring a different
Company Code.



Disable PO Functionality
   ●   Through the use of two configurations, Administrators may choose to alter
       Purchase Order functionality within the Vroozi platform.




   ●   The first configuration if toggled off, will turn Purchase Order functionality
       completely off. Requisitions can still be created but will not convert to POs
       within the Vroozi system. (Toggle #1 shown below) With the disablement of
       PO functionality. ‘PO Status’, ‘Buy Route’ and ‘Document Flow’ access will be
       removed from all user’s navigation panels.

       Requester Panel with PO functionality disabled:




       The Document History will not include PO status:




                                                                        Admin Guide 48
                                                                         Updated 5/21/2021
   ●   If Toggle #1 is enabled, the buying organization can choose to turn off PO
       functionality within Vroozi and instead create POs in an external system by
       enabling ‘Initiate PO in External System’. (next page) Requisitions created
       within the Vroozi System will feed into the external system for PO conversion
       and submission to supplier.

       Configurations as seen in the Administrator Panel: Documents > Settings >
       Purchase Orders:

       Enablement of POs through an external system will disable the ‘Ready for
       Sourcing’ and ‘Create PO’ capabilities for Buyers, Sourcing Approvers and
       Administrators. (shown on previous page)




In order to retain PO visibility within the Vroozi system, a buying organization using
an external system for PO creation will need to access the connector through an
open Vroozi API. If PO visibility is not required, no connector is needed.

PURCHASE ORDER CHANGE REQUEST (POCR)
The POCR functionality allows a range of modifications to be made to an existing
Purchase Order after it has been sent to a supplier. POCRs if enabled through this
global setting can still be individually disabled at the supplier level via the Supplier
Record in the Master Data category.




                                                                           Admin Guide 49
                                                                            Updated 5/21/2021
Once the POCR toggle is enabled, Administrators may identify which particular
changes or combinations of changes can be made. POCR permissions can be
defined by:

   1. Product type (Service, Material, Blanket, Invoice) & Catalog type (Catalog,
      Non-Catalog, Mixed)

   2. PO Header level permissions:

         ✓ Change Shipping Info
         ✓ Edit Custom Fields

   3. ‘On the PO Catalog line items, allow users to:’

         ✓ Remove Items
         ✓ Edit Items
         ✓ Change Item Price
         ✓ Change Delivery Date / Service Period
         ✓ Change Accounting Info
         ✓ Change Shipping Info
         ✓ Edit Custom Fields
         ✓ Cancel Line Item
              ○ This replaces the delete line item feature, keeping the cancelled
                   item in the line item view under the “Cancelled” status.

                                                                       Admin Guide 50
                                                                        Updated 5/21/2021
   4. ‘On the PO Non-Catalog line items, allow users to:’

          ✓ Remove Items
          ✓ Add Items
          ✓ Edit Items
          ✓ Change Item Price
          ✓ Change Delivery Date / Service Period
          ✓ Change Accounting Info
          ✓ Change Shipping Info
          ✓ Edit Custom Fields
          ✓ Cancel line item
               ○ This replaces the delete line item feature, keeping the cancelled
                    item in the line item view under the “Cancelled” status.

When a Requester or Buyer initiates a POCR, the system will check which field level
changes are allowed. Any POs open for POCR inherit those permissions.



Custom Field Permission
Custom Field configurations are split by Catalog and Non Catalog views.

If enabled, the ‘Edit Custom Field’ permission for Catalog and Non Catalog line items
give Requester/Buyers the ability to make changes to any line item level custom field
specifically defined in the POCR set up.



Line Item Quantity Changes
If a Requester increases the order quantity on a PO item (‘Edit Items’ permission
allows this) that has already been partially, or fully received, the PO will remain open
for further receipts until fully received.

If a Requester increases the order quantity on a
PO item that has already been partially or fully
invoiced, the system will keep the item open for
further invoicing until fully invoiced.

If the user reduces the order quantity or removes
a line item (‘Remove Items’ permission allows
this) on a PO, the system will generate a return
for any items received up to that point. In this
event, before the POCR is submitted the system

                                                                          Admin Guide 51
                                                                           Updated 5/21/2021
will display a notice confirming with the Requester that a return will be generated as
a result of their actions.

If the user is intrinsically changing the nature of the item by reducing order quantity
or value (via price edit) beyond what has already been invoiced but not yet posted,
the system will change that item from a PO item to a non-PO item in the associated
invoice.

Edit Price
Changes to the price of an item that result in an increase to the line item value or
subtotal will re-enter any organizationally defined sourcing/financial approval.

Approval Workflows
Updates submitted via POCR at the header or line item level will re-enter any
organizationally defined sourcing/financial approvals. As shown, changes will be
identified at the
document level.

Within the PO audit
trail, the ‘Purchase
Order History’ will
display a comparison of the old data vs the new data. (below)




The Supplier PO View (PO PDF) will also highlight the ‘General Changes’ (header
level) and ‘Line Item Changes’, including the values before and after POCR. (next
page)




                                                                         Admin Guide 52
                                                                          Updated 5/21/2021
Supplier Portal Workflows
Suppliers accessing the Supplier Portal, will have a similar experience as shown
above on the buying organization side.

   ●   On the PO View
   ●   Purchase Order History

PO View:




Items changed that had previously been ‘Confirmed’ or ‘Disputed’ will again go
through a Confirm/Dispute review by the supplier.




                                                                        Admin Guide 53
                                                                        Updated 5/21/2021
LINE ITEM CONFIGURATION
To configure custom line items, select either ‘required, optional or hidden’.
Selecting line item detail as ‘Required’
means that the detail must be filled out
for each line item before the transactional
document can be submitted. The field will
be selected if the color changes from
white to a dark gray.
Selecting a line item detail as ‘Optional’
means that the detail will be visible for
each line item but it is not required.
Selecting a line item detail as ‘Hidden’
means that the detail will not be visible on
any line item.
Supplier Line Item Configuration

By setting the Supplier field to “Optional”
or “Hidden”, the responsibility of selecting
a supplier can be removed from the
Requester and instead directed to the post
Requisition submission workflow via
Sourcing Approval or Buy Route. See
Sourcing Guides for further details on the
strategy behind the removal of the
‘Supplier’ requirement.

Requisition view with missing error
message for an item with the Supplier
information set to ‘Required’.




                                                                         Admin Guide 54
                                                                          Updated 5/21/2021
Goods Receipt Configuration
To configure a goods receipt requirement for either a product, service, blanket or
invoice plan request move the button from 'off' to 'on'




   ●   Also included in the Goods Receipts field is ‘1 Click Receipts’ If enabled,
       recipients of a missing Service receipt email notification will have the ability to
       generate a ‘Service Receipt’ with 1 click directly from the exception handling
       email.




Budget
To enable
budgeting,
select the
'Enable
Budgeting'
button here.
Select from the drop downs which type of Notifications your users will receive.




                                                                           Admin Guide 55
                                                                            Updated 5/21/2021
CXML SETUP

The Vroozi system can recognize and define multiple inbound and outbound cXML
transmissions from a single supplier. This functionality enables the Vroozi Supplier
team or experienced
customers or to set up a
supplier’s cXML
transmissions.

Communication Types
supported:

Experienced Content
Managers may update
or add new credentials
for a supplier. Click
‘View’ (shown on previous page) to edit or view credentials for the supplier listed in
that row.

Upon opening existing or new cXML credentials (via ‘add cXML Settings’) the
configurations are organized into 2 tabs; ‘Incoming cXML Document’ and Outgoing
‘cXML Document’. The next 2 sections explain the data contained in these
configurations.



Enable cXML Suppliers
If creating credentials for a new supplier you
must select the ‘Output Method’ on the supplier
record as ‘cXML’. (shown below)

Master Data -> Suppliers




Incoming cXML Documents
Types of Incoming cXML Documents Vroozi supports:

   1. Purchase Order Acknowledgement

   2. Purchose Order Confirmation (including disputes)

   3. Advanced Shipment Notice


                                                                          Admin Guide 56
                                                                           Updated 5/21/2021
   4. Invoice/Memo

Select Document Type: Incoming Documents can be selected as either
‘Invoice/Memo’ or ‘Purchase Order Acknowledgement’.

NOTE: In order to effectively configure ASN receipt, they must also be enabled on
the supplier record.


Complete the following fields:

   1. Supplier: Confirmation of supplier record selected.

   2. Document Type: Select type of document being edited or added.

   3. Submission URL: This field will auto-populate once the user selects the
      Output method as cXML or turns on the Invoice Receipt toggle.

   4. Select Credentials: Existing Records will list previously created credentials
      whereas a new record at point of creation will only have the option to select
      ‘New’.

   5. From Domain: This information should be
      requested from and provided by the Supplier

   6. From Identity: Supplier Provided

   7. To Domain: This information should be requested
      from and provided by the Supplier

   8. To Identity: Vroozi,Inc

   9. Sender Domain: Auto created for default
      credentials and can also be user provided or
      updated

   10. Sender Identity: Auto created for default credentials can also be user
       provided

   11. Shared Secret: Auto created for default credentials can also be user provided

   12. Save

   13. Any cXML credentials already associated with the Supplier will be viewable
       below Cancel/Save.




                                                                        Admin Guide 57
                                                                        Updated 5/21/2021
Outgoing cXML Documents
Types of Incoming cXML Documents Vroozi supports:

   ●   Purchase Orders
Complete the following fields:

   1. Supplier: The supplier will not be editable for an existing record. New records
      can select a Supplier from your repository of existing suppliers.

   2. Document Type: Currently only ‘Purchase Order’ can be selected for this
      field.

   3. Submission Url: This information should be requested from and provided by
      the Supplier.

   4. Select Credentials: Supplier Provided

   5. From Domain: Supplier Provided

   6. From Identity: Supplier Provided

   7. To Domain: This information should be
      requested from and provided by the Supplier

   8. To Identity: Supplier Provided

   9. Sender Domain: Supplier Provided

   10. Sender Identity: Supplier Provided

   11. Shared Secret: Supplier Provided

   12. Add Extrinsic Field: Information not included in
       standard cXML transmission. Ex: Custom Fields
       that are required by the supplier.




Like the ‘Outgoing cXML Documents’ tab any pre-existing transmission
configurations for the selected supplier will be listed below the Cancel/Save buttons.




                                                                        Admin Guide 58
                                                                         Updated 5/21/2021
Downloadable cXML Templates
Sample cXML transmissions are available for download from the cXML Setup
sub-category.

Here, you can download sample Invoice, Memo and PO Acknowledgements. Click
any of the templates to open the template in a new window or tab. From this view,
save the file and share with suppliers as needed.




Partial view of the cXML Memo (credit) Template:




CUSTOM FIELDS
Global Custom Fields can be
created and added to Vroozi
transactional documents (PR, PO,
Invoice, Goods Receipt, Goods
Return).

To set up a Custom field the
following steps will require review
or completion.

   1. Complete the name & type of custom field
   2. Select ‘Type’



                                                                     Admin Guide 59
                                                                      Updated 5/21/2021
   3. Decide when and how the Custom View is seen.
          ● ‘Required’: Set a Requirement for the Custom field based on Supplier
              or Category(s). Once toggled on, select from existing master data.
              (shown on next page)
                 ○ A custom field defined
                    as ‘Required’ for specific
                    categories and/or
                    suppliers, will be visible
                    but not required for all
                    other suppliers and/or
                    categories based on the
                    configurations defined
                    in steps 4 and 5.
                 ○ Ex: A document level custom field that is required for all
                    Grainger POs will be visible but not
                    required on all other supplier POs..
   4. ‘Associate Custom Field to Documents’: Select
      which documents you want to apply the custom
      field requirements/settings to.
   5. ‘Associate Custom Field to Line Items’: Make the
      custom field visible on ALL line items of a specific
      document type.



Note: You may also select to associate a custom field to all line items or
documents enabling ‘All Line Items’ or ‘All Document Types’.




Custom Field List Default
If List is selected as a Custom Field Type,
Administrators may elect to designate a default
List type for that particular custom field.




                                                                        Admin Guide 60
                                                                         Updated 5/21/2021
Click the arrow displayed to the right of the Custom Field ‘List’ Type selection.

Enter List Values. Once completed select the Default Value at the top of the screen.
Once selection has been entered. Click ‘Submit’.



Bulk Upload
Bulk Custom Field upload/download options are located in the top right corner of
the ‘Custom Fields’ view.




To get started using Custom Fields click the cloud icon and download the Custom
Field Template. (shown on right)

Buying Organizations already using custom fields can click the
middle downward facing arrow (shown below)to Export their
current list of custom fields.




To upload your populated template, select the upward facing
arrow (shown on right)

Tip! An uploaded file will overwrite any existing Custom Field
information.



Ownership change
   ●   To initiate an Ownership change put the original owner in the 'From' line and
       put the person you want to transfer the documents to in the 'To' line. Then
       select the 'Submit Document Transfer' button.




                                                                           Admin Guide 61
                                                                           Updated 5/21/2021
      In order to retain PO visibility within the Vroozi system, a buying organization
      using an external system for PO creation will need to access the connector
      through an open Vroozi API. If PO visibility is not required, no connector is
      needed.



PR Rejection Configuration
To configure a PR Rejection, check the boxes or move the buttons from 'off' to 'on'.




CUSTOM LABELS
Documents -> Custom Labels -> Accounting Object Labels.
Administrators can rename four accounting objects
   1. Location Type
   2. Location
   3. Class.
   4. Customer




                                                                         Admin Guide 62
                                                                          Updated 5/21/2021
Once renamed, these 4 fields will populate throughout the entire Vroozi application.




ACCOUNTS PAYABLE
See the ‘Vroozi Invoice Configuration Guide’ for Invoice specific tasks and processes.

SETTINGS
Applicable for clients using the Vroozi Invoice module. Administrators should work
with their internal Accounts Payable leadership to set up the invoicing parameters.

Email Set Up
   The Principle email account (AKA: The Hopper) will become the central
   notification receiver for all Accounts Payable transactions.
   1. Enter email address in the field indicated below. Select ‘Submit’
         ● Submit - Approves via Vroozi that the email is available. 24 hours notice.
         ● Authorize - Confirms Principle email account setup.

Note: Typically set during onboarding. See Support for assistance resetting.




                                                                         Admin Guide 63
                                                                         Updated 5/21/2021
   2. Click ‘Add an Alias’ to add additional notification channels.

DASHBOARD
Administrators have access to view holistic Accounts Payable data on the invoices
being processed. Data will be organized into graphs, reports and KPIs.




As represented in the Administrator Analytics tool, click the gear icon to schedule,
send and export reports.




                                                                         Admin Guide 64
                                                                          Updated 5/21/2021
All Please see Vroozi Purchase Analytics Guide for further details of reporting
functionality.

EXCEPTION HANDLING
See Invoice Configuration Guide for specific details.

PREFERENCES
See Invoice Configuration Guide for specific details.




SUPPLIER PORTAL
Not applicable for all clients.

Please reference ‘Client Guide to the Supplier Portal’ for details.




TROUBLESHOOTING
PO FAILURES
Each time a PO fails the Vroozi system automatically creates a support ticket. Our
support team will review the error message and escalate. The escalation will vary
based on error type. Requisition originators and Administrators can view ‘Failed’ POs
from the ‘PO Status’ view.



                                                                         Admin Guide 65
                                                                          Updated 5/21/2021
If the PO fails based on a connection error:




The Vroozi team will fix the connection and resend the PO to the supplier. No action
is required by either the PO Originator or the Vroozi Administrator.

If the PO fails due to missing information in Master data, the supplier record or
the PO line items:




The type of error will indicate whether you need to make any changes to your Master
Data settings or the supplier’s details. Once complete, Administrators should advise
the PO Requester to access the original Requisition, create a copy, fix any missing
information (if applicable) and then resubmit the new Requisition. Once the
Requisition completes any required approvals, it will now successfully convert to a
PO.




Track Failed POs

Through ‘PO Processing Status’ in the Buy Route category of the Administrator
panel, administrators can elect to receive PO Status reports on either a Daily, Twice
Daily, Weekly or Monthly basis.




                                                                        Admin Guide 66
                                                                         Updated 5/21/2021
The email recipient for the ‘Subscribe to the PO Transmission Report’ will default to
the admin logged in unless edited. (shown below) Only one email can be entered to
receive this report.




                                                                        Admin Guide 67
                                                                        Updated 5/21/2021
