           Vroozi Purchase
            Requester Guide
An employee with the Requester role will have the ability to initiate the procurement
process through the creation of a requisition. That requisition once it passes any
applicable approval processes will convert into a Purchase Order, a formal document
sent to the supplier(s) requesting the listed goods and/or services.

As part of their role, Requesters may also be required to complete a Goods Receipt,
resolve exceptions related to their Purchase Orders and document the details of a
return.
Table of Contents:
Procurement Documents 101                                                           4

Homepage Anatomy                                                                    5
  Navigation Panel                                                                  6

Catalog Shopping                                                                    8
   Types of Requisitions                                                            8
   Cart vs. Requisition                                                             8

Internal Catalogs                                                                   9
   Internal Catalog Search Options                                                  9
      Search by specific details or keywords                                        9
      Search by Category                                                            9
   Create a Requisition from an Internal Catalog(s)                                10

Punchout Catalogs                                                                  12
  Create a Punchout Catalog Requisition                                            13
  Shipping Charges Carry over for cXML Punchout Catalogs                           13

Product or Service Free Text Requisitions                                          14
   Create a Free Text Requisition                                                  14
   Create a Blanket (Limit) Request                                                17
   Create an Invoice Plan Request (Only applicable for SAP users)                  18

Modify Request Details                                                             19
  Line Item Functions & Anatomy                                                    19

Create a Bulk Item Upload Requisition                                              21
   Track Bulk Upload Progress                                                      22
      View Errors                                                                  22

Catalog Lists                                                                      22
   Create a List                                                                   23
   Add Line Items to a Request using Lists                                         23
   List Item Updates                                                               24

Requisition Creation Tips & Features                                              24
  Schedule Submission of a PR                                                     24
  Duplicate (Copy) A Line Item                                                    25
  Delete a Line Item                                                              25
  Add Shopping Cart Items to an Existing Draft                                    26



                                                                    Requester Guide 1
                                                                     Updated 5/20/2021
   Add a Free Text Line Item                                             26
   Edit Shipping Address                                                 27
   Apply To All Function                                                 27
   Split Account Assignment                                              28

Purchase Requests                                                        29
   Duplicate (Copy) a Request                                            30
   Resubmit a Rejected Request                                            31

Approval Status                                                          32

Purchase Orders                                                          35
   Purchase Order Navigation                                             36
   Document Navigation                                                   36
      Add Comments to a PO                                               36
      Purchase Order History                                             37
      Purchasing Parties                                                 37
      Supplier                                                           37
      View Payment History                                               38
      Notes                                                              38
      Related Documents                                                  38
   Responding to a Disputed or Confirmed Purchase Order                  38
      What if an item is confirmed?                                      38
      What if an item is confirmed?                                      38

Goods Receipt                                                            39
  Create a Goods Receipt                                                 39
  Create a Goods Receipt for Partial Delivery (1/2)                      41
  Create a Subsequent Partial Goods Receipt (2/2)                        42
  Service Receipts with 1-click Confirmation                             42
  Goods Receipt created from an ASN                                      42
  Create a Goods Return Against an ‘Invoiced’ PO                         43

Goods Return                                                            44

Purchase Order Change Request (POCR)                                    46

Invoices                                                                46
   Notification                                                         46
   Submit a Resolution                                                  47
   Closed PO after a Final Invoice                                      48




                                                          Requester Guide 2
                                                           Updated 5/20/2021
      Final Invoice on a PO without a complete Goods Receipt                 48
      Final Invoice on a PO with a completed Goods Receipt                   49

Document Flow                                                                50

Central Receivers                                                             51




                                                               Requester Guide 3
                                                                Updated 5/20/2021
PROCUREMENT DOCUMENTS 101
Purchase Requisition (PR):

  ●   Often referred to as a Request
  ●   Initiates the Purchase Process
  ●   Document generated by a user to notify internal stakeholders of items or
      services needed.

Purchase Order (PO):

  ●   Notifies a supplier of a procurement request
  ●   Document generated against a Purchase Requisition after an approval
      process.

Goods Receipt (GR):

  ●   Document issued to acknowledge the receipt of the items listed in a Purchase
      Order
         ○ Service receipts can be created to confirm the completion of requested
            services.

Advanced Shipment Notice (ASN):

  ●   Document initiated by suppliers via the Vroozi Supplier portal notifying
      Requesters of the shipment details for items contained in their PO. (only
      applicable for buying organizations using the Supplier Portal)

Invoice:

  ●   Initiates payment for goods/services received against a PO.




                                                                     Requester Guide 4
                                                                       Updated 5/20/2021
HOMEPAGE ANATOMY




1. Your Logo: Essentially your “Home” button. From any screen in Vroozi
   Purchase, , clicking your logo returns you to the homepage.

2. Recently Viewed: A history of recently viewed Internal Catalog items, click to
   view the item detail.

3. Search Bar with Categories Menu: Where to search for internal catalog items
   by keyword(s) or other product identifiers such as SKU, Manufacturing
   Number, Part Number etc.

       ●   Allows you to narrow your search to specific categories when searching
           for Internal Catalog items. Used in combination with the Search Bar.

4. Recent Requests: The 5 most recent requisitions you have submitted. Status’
   shown to the right of each document number.

5. Lists: Create personalized lists of frequently requested items from Internal
   Catalogs. Lists can be saved and applied to future requests.

6. Shopping Cart: A “holding area” for catalog items that can be placed into an
   existing
   requisition draft
   or converted
   into a new
   request.




                                                                   Requester Guide 5
                                                                     Updated 5/20/2021
  7. Catalog Suppliers: A list of all approved catalogs for your organizational group
     based on regional availability. This may include both Internal and Punchout
     suppliers. (shown on previous page)

   8. Purchase Document Stats: Statistics reflecting the shopper’s personal
      purchasing date.

   9. Notifications (Bell Icon): View Administrator messages.

   10. Help (Book Icon): Access to ‘The Vroozi Success Forum’ which includes the
       self-help knowledge base and the ability to submit a request to the Vroozi
       Helpdesk.




See Setup Requirements Guide for further navigation details.

NAVIGATION PANEL

                    Your First Name and Initials: The drop-down menu here reveals
                    your Profile, My Data, as well as the Logout icon.

                    Create: Click Free Text to create a non-catalog requisition.

                    Purchase Requests: Where to check the status of your request;
                    a history of your requests.

                    Purchase Orders:: Where to check the status of your PO; a
                    history of Approved Requests that have associated PO
                    Document Numbers.

                    Shipping Notices: View Supplier Shipment Notifications

                    *Only applicable for Supplier Portal customers




                                                                      Requester Guide 6
                                                                        Updated 5/20/2021
Receipts: Where to create Goods Receipts and returns.

Invoices: Number badge next to this category indicates your Action is
Required to resolve Invoices sent back for completion of a missing Goods
Receipt.

Document Flow: Where to look up and view the status and associated records
for any type of document. This feature also provides a visual diagram
representation of how Related Documents are interconnected with each other.




                                                              Requester Guide 7
                                                                Updated 5/20/2021
CATALOG SHOPPING
In Vroozi Purchase, requesters are able to create both Catalog and Non-Catalog
requisitions.

TYPES OF REQUISITIONS
   1. Catalog Requests: include both searchable Internal Catalogs and Punchout
      Catalogs. Your organization has granted you catalog access based on
      organizational function and in some cases region.
   2. Non-Catalog Requests: pertain to Free Text line items for vendor products or
      services that are not available in the catalogs.

A single requisition may contain line items from multiple suppliers. In this case,
multiple POs will be created from a single request. Any combination of goods and
services, as well as Catalog and Non-Catalog line items can also share the same
Request Name and Request Number.

CART VS. REQUISITION
The Cart and Request creation functionalities are two separate but related functions
of Vroozi Purchase. The following section describes the differences between the two
processes.

Cart: The first document created in the purchasing process for Catalog purchases.
Just like a physical shopping cart, this is a document that holds all of the items you
would like to order until you are ready to check out.

   1. You can add, remove, or edit the quantities of the items you have selected.

   2. Once you are ready to check out, or submit your request, just click on ‘Move to
      Request’ or select an existing request, where you can review it and submit for
      approval.

Request: Contains all of the information necessary for an order to be submitted and
fulfilled by the supplier(s). Prior to submission, you can add, remove, or edit the items
you have created or selected. Once the submitted request is approved, it becomes
the final document that will be sent for approval and will ultimately be what the
Purchase Order is based on.




                                                                        Requester Guide 8
                                                                          Updated 5/20/2021
INTERNAL CATALOGS
Internal Catalogs are those that are uploaded by your organization into Vroozi
Purchase. The search bar allows you to search across multiple vendors. It does not
allow you to specifically search across items in one catalog, but you may use the
vendor filtering function after you have executed the search.

INTERNAL CATALOG SEARCH OPTIONS
There are several ways to search for
items or services. (This searching
does not include Punchout
catalog inventory.)

Search by specific details or
keywords
   1. Submit basic search
   2. Select quick reference options
   3. Select ‘Advanced Search’




Search by Category
   4. Select from preloaded list of categories
   5. View results for suppliers with products or services
      mapped to that category. You may refine search
      results from here by selecting specific suppliers,
      company attributes or searching by keyword.
      (shown on next page)




                                                                     Requester Guide 9
                                                                       Updated 5/20/2021
Note: The search can be a specific item ID (NON026330) or a keyword, like “gloves”
or “Swingline Stapler.” This will search across all Internal Catalog vendors for
available items.



CREATE A REQUISITION FROM AN INTERNAL CATALOG(S)
  1. Click ‘Add to
     Cart’. The item
     will be added to
     Cart.

  2. Repeat the
     search process
     (steps 1-3) until all
     desired items are
     added.

  3. Once you have
     added all of your
     items, click the
     Cart icon at the
     top right of the




                                                                  Requester Guide 10
                                                                     Updated 5/20/2021
   screen. The cart view will display all items in your Cart, organized by the
   vendor.

4. At the cart, you will see all items divided by supplier. From the cart you may
   still delete items or edit the quantity. Items will remain in your cart for the
   remainder of your shopping session. Logging out will remove cart items.
        ● Your organization may not allow for multiple suppliers in a Requisition
           or have specific suppliers that cannot be combined in a Requisition.

5. Once you are ready to convert your cart to a requisition you have 2 options;
   items can either be added to an existing requisition in ‘Draft’ status (shown
   above) or created in a new requisition by selecting ‘Move to Request’. (also
   shown above)
      ● To add cart items to an existing draft: use the drop-down menu to
         select from requisitions in draft status.

6. Click ‘Move to Request’. You will be redirected to the Create Purchase Request
   screen.

7. The Request Name is defaulted to your name plus the Request Number—it is
   optional, but recommended, to rename this request to something more
   recognizable.




8. Request Name: Defaults to the shopper’s name and the Request Number—it
   is optional, but recommended, to input more specific information about the
   request, i.e. “monthly office supply order,” a project reference, or vendor
   name(s).




                                                                    Requester Guide 11
                                                                      Updated 5/20/2021
   9. Requester: Defaults to the shopper’s name. If buying on behalf of someone
      else, the actual requester’s name should be entered. Approvers will be able to
      see that you have placed the Request on that person’s behalf.

   10. Shipping Address: Verify details. See the Change Shipping Address section for
      more information on how to change the address.

   11. Supplier(s): Name listed. Field is not editable.

   12. Reason for Request: Optional Field

   13. Approval Group: Select (if applicable)

   14. Custom Fields: Custom data fields may be set up by the Purchase
      Administrator(s) and set at either optional or required.

   15. Missing Information: Customized message identifying any required
      information that is missing either in the line item description or the purchase
      request fields above.

   16. Line Item Overview: Review the contents of the request. Catalog-only
      requests usually have all of the required information defaulted, so typically no
      additional data needs to be entered by line item.

   17. Approval or Supplier Notes: Input any notes for the approver or supplier. This
      is optional.

   18. Delete, Save or Submit the requisition.

   19. You will receive a “request submitted” notification at the top of the screen (not
      pictured). Once approved, you will receive a confirmation email.




PUNCHOUT CATALOGS
Punchout Catalogs, like Internal Catalogs can be used to add items to the cart or
request. When using Punchouts, you are redirected away from Vroozi Purchase to
the vendor website to search and select items. The instructions below show how to
recognize a Punchout catalog, as well as how to use it to add items to the cart and
proceed to request submission. Keep in mind that a supplier can be both a
Punchout as well as an Internal Catalog within Vroozi Purchase.




                                                                       Requester Guide 12
                                                                         Updated 5/20/2021
CREATE A PUNCHOUT CATALOG REQUISITION

  1.   From the Homepage, locate the Punchout
       Catalog under the Catalog Supplier area.

  2.   Look at the supplier to reveal an arrow icon,
       indicating the catalog is a Punchout catalog. If
       the supplier only displays a book icon, then it is
       an Internal Catalog.

  3.   Click on the arrow icon of the Punchout catalog supplier. A new window will
       pop up.

   Note: You may need to disable pop-up blockers depending on your browser
   settings.


  4. Search for items in the vendor website and add them to the cart. Each
       supplier environment is different and will have varying features and
       functionalities. (not pictured)

  5.   Checkout of the vendor website by clicking the “submit” or “transfer your
       order”-type button. The exact wording of the function varies by vendor. (not
       pictured) Your items from the Punchout will be pulled into your Cart in Vroozi
       Purchase.

  6. Once you have returned the items to your Vroozi cart the process to convert
       the cart to a Requisition will be the same as the steps outlined in the previous
       section covering internal catalogs.

          ●   Items returning to your Vroozi cart from a punchout catalog will not
              include the product/service image.

SHIPPING CHARGES CARRY OVER FOR CXML PUNCHOUT CATALOGS
Shipping charges can be captured from a punchout supplier’s catalog allowing
shoppers to capture actual spend on Punchout Catalog items.
The shipping charges will be added to the Vroozi shopping cart and then transferred
to the Purchase Request and all subsequent related documents thereafter.




                                                                      Requester Guide 13
                                                                         Updated 5/20/2021
Note: This only applies to all cXML punchout catalogs and the shipping charges
must be included from the supplier.




PRODUCT OR SERVICE FREE TEXT
REQUISITIONS
Create a requisition for items or services that are not available in the Vroozi Purchase
catalogs. Requesters wishing to create a free text requisition should confirm with
their supervisor/administrator that the supplier they wish to use has been added to
the Vroozi system, as this will be required before the requisition can be completed.

CREATE A FREE TEXT REQUISITION
   1. From the Homepage, click ‘Free Text under the ‘Create’; category in the
      navigation panel.

   2. At the requisition draft, the Request Name is defaulted to your name plus the
      Request Number—it is optional, but recommended to rename this request to
      something more recognizable.

   3. The Requester area defaults to your own name. If you are buying on behalf of
      someone else, enter their name.




                                                                       Requester Guide 14
                                                                         Updated 5/20/2021
4. Verify the defaulted Shipping Address. See the Change Shipping Address
   section for more information on how to change the address.

5. Enter the Reason for Request. This is optional.

6. Scroll down to reveal the Line Item Overview.

7. Click 'Add Line Item'. The line items details screen will pop up to be completed.

      ●   Information is divided into 2 tabs; ‘General Information’ and ‘Custom
          Fields’

               ➢     Custom Fields will contain any custom fields required or
                optional at the requisition level.

8. The Show Optional Fields box can be left unchecked. You have the ability to
   check this box to reveal
   additional data such as the line
   item Long Text and Product ID
   fields.

9. Input the required ‘General
   Information’. The exact options
   may vary based on your
   organization’s protocols and
   administrative configurations.

      Type: The Line Item Type is either a Product, Service, Blanket or Invoice
      Plan. You may create mixed service and product requests, but Blanket and
      Invoice Plan line items may not be mixed with any other Type.

      Category: This lists all the preset options for your organization. Start typing
      in the first digit of the Category or Category description and make the
      selection using the drop-down menu. Choose the Category that best fits
      what you are ordering.

      Description: Type in the description of the product or service being
      requested.

      Unit/Service Price: Input the value of the product or service, leaving off
      special characters like “$” and commas. Decimal points are OK.

      Currency: This area is defaulted but can be updated if your organization’s
      Administrator has configured other Currency options for use.




                                                                   Requester Guide 15
                                                                      Updated 5/20/2021
     Quantity: The amount of the product or service to be used.

     UoM: The unit of measure is defaulted to each (EA) for products, and
     Activity Unit (AU) for Services, Blanket, and Invoice Plans. This drop down
     can be changed manually if needed.

     Recommended Supplier: The supplier you recommend being used—start
     typing either the Vendor ID number or Vendor Name. You must make a
     selection from the drop-down menu, as this area does not accept free text.
     If you cannot find the supplier you are looking for, contact your company’s
     internal Vroozi Purchase Administrator for assistance.

     Delivery Date/Service Period: For products, this is defaulted by your
     organization’s Administrator for 30 days in the future, which does not need
     to be changed. For services or Blanket Requests, select a Service Period
     using the calendar function. It is OK for the Date Range to be an educated
     guess of when a project or service will be taking place and doesn’t have to
     be perfect.

10. Accounting

     Split Account Assignment: Splitting the Account Assignment is optional
     to use when required for the Request. Choose how to split your Account
     Assignment—choices include None, by Quantity, by Value, and by Percent.
     If split, the fields will update and require more information based on your
     selection. See Split Accounting section for further details.

     Account Category: This will default to the Cost Object designated by your
     company’s Administrator. Your selection will update the following
     drop-down menu to reflect your choice.

     Cost Object: This selection automatically populates to your default Cost
     Object but will vary based on your selection of the Account Category. The
     Cost Object drop down can be updated by choosing the options on the
     drop-down menu.

     G/L Account: If this is required by your organization, start typing the first
     few characters of the General Ledger Account number or description to
     reveal a drop-down list provided by your organization. Make the
     appropriate selection using the drop-down menu. If you don’t know what
     GL Account to choose, contact your finance team.

     All of your Company Info is defaulted for you but can be updated if needed.




                                                                  Requester Guide 16
                                                                     Updated 5/20/2021
   11. Select delivery address. (Requester addresses set by administrator)

   12. Update the following required tax information (if needed):
          ●   Tax Code: The Tax Code will automatically default, but you are able to
              make changes when necessary.

          ●   Tax Value: No value needs to be entered in this area. If your instance of
              Vroozi Purchase is integrated with an external ERP system like SAP, the
              Tax Value will be calculated there.

   13. Click 'Save Item'. Your line item will be saved and reflected in the line item
      overview.

   14. Repeat steps 7-13 until you have all the Free Text Line Items you need in the
      request or use the duplicate function. See the Duplicate Line Item section for
      more information.

   15. There may or may not be a notification prompting you to add an attachment
      at the line item or header level. Click ‘Add Attachment’ and select a saved file
      off of your computer as supporting documentation. The system accepts most
      major file formats up to 100MB each.

   16. Input any notes for the Approver or Supplier. This is optional.

   17. ‘Submit ’.

   18. A blue “request submitted” notification appearing in the bottom left corner of
      the screen will notify of a successfully submitted request. You will receive an
      email notification of the Requisition status of approval or rejection.

CREATE A BLANKET (LIMIT) REQUEST
A Blanket or “Limit” Request is a type of Non-Catalog Free Text request that consists
of items of services that will be delivered over a period of time. Multiple invoices will
be submitted by the supplier against the PO. The PO will remain open until the
Order Value has been reached. Blanket POs do not require goods receipt.
    1. From the Homepage, click ‘Create’ on the blue navigation bar to create a
       Requsition draft.

   2. Fill out request details as you would for other requests; Updating defaulted
      information and fill out incomplete fields. Click 'Add Line Item'. The line item
      details screen will pop up to be completed.




                                                                         Requester Guide 17
                                                                           Updated 5/20/2021
   3. Input the required General Information: Additional details are required for the
      completion of the Blanket item:
        ● Order Value (see image next page)
        ● Expected Value: must be
           equal or less than Order
           Value.
        ● Validity Period

   4. Click 'Save Item'. Your line item
      will be saved and reflected in the
      line item overview.

   5. There may or may not be a
      notification prompting you to
      add an attachment at the line
      item or header level. Click ‘Add
      Attachment’ and select a saved
      file off of your computer as
      supporting documentation. The
      system accepts most major file formats up to 100MB each.

   6. Input any notes for the Approver or Supplier. This is optional.

   7. Click ‘Submit Request’.

 Note: Like Invoice Plans, you may only enter a single Blanket Line item per request,
 so don’t try to add more than one!

CREATE AN INVOICE PLAN REQUEST (ONLY APPLICABLE FOR SAP USERS)
An Invoice Plan is an automatic scheduled payment of the same amounts where an
invoice is then not required. Payment is automatically sent to the supplier.
           ● Only compatible with SAP integration.
           ● Only 1 invoice plan can be added to the requisition..
   1. From the Homepage, click the ‘Create’ category on the blue navigation bar.
       The Create a Request page will appear.

   2. Fill out request details as you would for other requests; Updating defaulted
      information and fill out incomplete fields. Click 'Add Line Item'. The line items
      details screen will pop up to be completed.




                                                                        Requester Guide 18
                                                                          Updated 5/20/2021
  3. Input the required General Information:

  4. Click 'Save Item'. Your line item will be saved and reflected in the line item

  5. There may or may not be a notification prompting you to add an attachment
     at the line item or header level. Click 'Add Attachment' and select a saved file
     off of your computer as supporting documentation. The system accepts most
     major file formats up to 100MB each.

  6. Input any notes for the Approver or Supplier. This is optional.

  7. Click 'Submit Request'.

  8. You will receive a “request submitted” notification at the top of the screen (not
     pictured). Once approved, you will receive a confirmation email.




MODIFY REQUEST DETAILS
LINE ITEM FUNCTIONS & ANATOMY
  1. Line Item Checkboxes: Used in correspondence with the Apply to All
     Function. (see #10 for full description)

  2. Part Number: Where the Part Number appears for Catalog Items. The
     Requester is able to manually input the Part Number for Non-Catalog Free
     Text Request Line Items by clicking into the Line Item Details and updating
     this information. Part Numbers are required for any Line Item that will be
     electronically transmitted from Vroozi Purchase to the vendor.




  3. Quantity: Where the Requester can review and update the Line Item Quantity
     before Request submission.

  4. Trash Can Icon: Click the Trash Can to delete a specific Line Item.

  5. Paper Icon: This is the Duplicate Line Item function.



                                                                       Requester Guide 19
                                                                         Updated 5/20/2021
   6. Paperclip Icon: Use this to add an attachment to a specific Line Item. If
      adding an attachment for the entire Request, it is recommended to add
      attachments at the header level. (see #9 for Header Level Attachments)

   7. Add Line Item: See section on how to add line item.

   8. Upload Line Items: Requesters can bulk line items by using this function. An
      item template can be completed instead of searching or creating items
      manually. See the Item Upload section for more information.

   9. Add Attachment (at the Header Level): The 'Add Attachment' button allows
      users to attach supporting documentation at the Header Level. This is in
      contrast to the Paperclip Icon, which uploads attachments by individual line
      item.

          ●   Purchase Orders will inherit the attachments associated with the
              approved Requisition and individual line items within the document.
              Administrators can control if they want these attachments sent with
              the PO to the applicable Supplier(s).




   10. Apply to All: Requesters have the ability to apply Line Item Details from one
      item to other items within the same Request. This includes Accounting and
      Tax information. See ‘Apply to All’ section for further details.




CREATE A BULK ITEM UPLOAD
REQUISITION
Vroozi Purchase allows Requesters to create requisitions using the Bulk Item Upload
feature directly from the ‘Create’ category. This is particularly useful when there is a




                                                                       Requester Guide 20
                                                                          Updated 5/20/2021
Request with several dozens of Line Items, as it is an alternative to creating or
searching for Line Items one at a time.
   1. Start the process by downloading the Excel Bulk Item Upload Template in the
      Vroozi HelpDesk.

          ●   Examples of Line Items are available on the template, however, make
              sure to delete these out when preparing your template.




   2. Fill out the template information into the spreadsheet and save it to your
      computer.

   3. Once completed, log into Vroozi Purchase.

   4. Click ‘Create’ from the blue navigation bar. (not pictured)

   5. Review and update the Purchase Request information at the top, like Request
      Name and Shipping Address if needed.

   6. Click ‘Upload Line Item(s)’.

   7. Follow your computer’s prompts to select the Line Item template that you
      completed beforehand. Your Line Items will automatically be uploaded.

   8. If there is any required information that is missing, the system will provide
      notifications in red of what needs attention. These messages vary. Once the
      items listed are addressed, continue to step #10.

   9. Review your uploaded line items for accuracy.

   10. Add any Approver or Supplier Notes. This is optional.

   11. Click ‘Submit’.

TRACK BULK UPLOAD PROGRESS
Line item bulk upload files can be uploaded to a PR via the Bulk Upload function or
via the standard Create/Edit Purchase Request screen. In either case, the file is



                                                                      Requester Guide 21
                                                                         Updated 5/20/2021
processed synchronously, in the background.
Allowing the user to continue utilizing the
application regardless of the size of the file
being uploaded.
Users will see a new file progress tracker that
remains visible to the user no matter which
screen they are on, allowing them to monitor the progress of any number of files
processing.
The newly updated PR can also be uploaded PR from the tracker. Users will be able
to access the newly created or updated PRs
from this tracker, as well as any PDF error
reports generated by any of their uploaded files.

View Errors
If errors occur in the upload, users can click the
error message in the tracker to view the PDF
error report generated by the system.




CATALOG LISTS
Catalog Lists are an optional function in Vroozi Purchase that help make it fast and
easy to add frequently ordered Internal Catalog items to a request. If you add the
same items to the request on a regular basis, you may want to take the time to
create your List and utilize this feature. This chapter describes how to create an
Internal Catalog List, and how to use them to create requisitions.

CREATE A LIST
   1. From the Homepage, click ‘Lists’ to reveal a
      drop down of previously created lists.
      (Example below shows a ‘Favorites’ list) or
      ‘new list’ options.

   2. Click ‘new list’. The new list that you created has a default name of My List.

   3. You can change the name of your list by simply clicking My List text area and
      typing in the name of your new List. (i.e. Office Supplies, Weekly Snack Order,
      Phone Accessories)

   4. Click the blue ‘Get started here!’ link to add items to your list.



                                                                           Requester Guide 22
                                                                              Updated 5/20/2021
   5. Search for the item you would like to add to the list using the Search Bar.

   6. Click the yellow star icon next to the item description to reveal a drop-down
       menu.




   7. Select the name of the List you would like to add it to. The item will be added
       to your List.

   8. Repeat steps 6-8 to add more items to the List.

ADD LINE ITEMS TO A REQUEST USING LISTS
If you have not created your list yet, refer to the Create a Catalog List section first.
    1. From the Homepage, click ‘Lists’ to reveal a drop down of options.

   2. Click on the Name of the List you would like to select items or services from.

   3. Your List will be displayed. Here, you have the opportunity to remove or
      change the item quantities before moving them into a Request.

   4. After making the necessary amendments, review your subtotal and select
      whether you would like to Create a New Request, or add the items to an
      existing Draft Request using the drop-down menu.

   5. Click 'Move to Request'.

LIST ITEM UPDATES
If an item in a Requester's List is updated
(via administrator or supplier user update)
that item will be highlighted in the
favorites list with a message notifying of
the update. If the item still exists in the
catalog, then the requester must go to the
item listing and re-add.




                                                                         Requester Guide 23
                                                                            Updated 5/20/2021
REQUISITION CREATION TIPS &
FEATURES
SCHEDULE SUBMISSION OF A PR
If enabled at the administrative level, employees will have the
ability to schedule the automatic submission of their Purchase
Requests at a date & time in the future. This schedule can be
defined for a PR from either bulk upload creation screen or the
standard Create/Edit Purchase Request screen.
   1. Set Date, Time and Time Zone.
          ●   Date: Schedule 24 hours to 1 year in advance.
          ●   Time: Set specific hour and minutes
          ●   Time Zone: All time zones available
   2. Select ‘Confirm Schedule’
   3. A notification will appear confirming the PR has been successfully scheduled.



   4. Based on a defined schedule of a PR, the system will automatically process
      and submit the PR in the background at the correct time. The requester will
      receive an email confirmation that the PR has been created & submitted.


Note: If a user does not wish to schedule PR submission they can simply select
‘Submit’ at the PR creation page to immediately submit.

DUPLICATE (COPY) A LINE ITEM
This section describes how to use the duplicate function as an alternative to ‘Add
Line Item’ when adding line items to a request. The copy functionality is applicable
for both Free Text, Non-Catalog and Catalog Line Items. If you would like to start
from the request process from the Homepage, refer to additional sections of the
Create a Request chapter.
    1. From the Create a Request screen, find the line item you would like to
       duplicate, and click the copy (paper) icon on the right. Your line item will be
       duplicated.




                                                                      Requester Guide 24
                                                                          Updated 5/20/2021
   2. To update the information like Description, Accounting, and Quantity, click on
      the linked Description of the line item.
   3. The Line Item Detail screen will open up. Make the necessary changes to the
      Line Item. (not pictured)
   4. Click 'Save Item'. (not pictured) Your updates will reflect in the Line Item
      Overview like the example below.

DELETE A LINE ITEM
In the Line Item Overview area, you have the ability to remove items from the
purchase request. This section addresses how to delete a line item from the Create
Purchase Request screen, after line items have already been selected or created. If
you would like to start the request process from the
Homepage, refer to prior sections of the Create a
Request chapter.
    1. Identify the item that you would like to delete.
    2. Click the trash can icon. The item will be
       removed from your Request.
    3. A pop up will appear asking if you are sure you
       would like to delete the item. Click the ‘Yes,
       Remove Line Item!’ to accept. The item will be
       removed.

ADD SHOPPING CART ITEMS TO AN EXISTING DRAFT
From your shopping cart you have the ability to add line items to the Purchase
Request after other line items have already been selected. If you would like to start a
new Request from the Homepage, refer to other Create a Request sections
available.
   1. From the Create Purchase Request screen, enter your search term, and click
       the magnifying glass icon to execute the search.
   2. Locate the item and amend the Quantity if needed.
   3. Click 'Add to Cart'.
   4. Continue searching for and adding items to the Cart until you have everything
       you need from the Internal Catalogs. (not pictured)
   5. Click the Cart icon.
   6. Review the contents of your Cart.
   7. Use the drop-down menu to find the request you would like to add the items
       to.




                                                                     Requester Guide 25
                                                                        Updated 5/20/2021
   8. Click ‘Move to Request’. The line items will be added to your request.
   9. Continue with the submission of your request (not pictured). For more
      detailed instructions of how to do this, refer to additional Create a Request
      sections.

ADD A FREE TEXT LINE ITEM
While in the Create Purchase Request screen, you have the ability to add Line Items
to an existing Purchase Request. If you would like to start a new Free Text Request
from the Homepage, refer to the various Create a Free Text Request sections
available.
    1. From the Purchase Requisition
       draft, select ‘Add Line Item'. The Line
       Item Details screen will pop up to be
       completed. See the Free Text
       Requisition section for further
       details on completion of each field.
    2. The ‘Show Optional Fields’ box can be left unchecked. You have the ability to
       check this box to reveal additional data such as the line item Long Text and
       Product ID fields depending on your organization’s specific Vroozi Purchase
       configurations.

EDIT SHIPPING ADDRESS
Global permission allowing Requesters to edit ‘Shipping Address’ is set by your Vroozi
Administrator. The features defined in this section only apply to organizations with
address editing enabled.

The Shipping Address for all Requests is defaulted based on your set Profile
Information. However, this information can be updated on a request by request
basis.




                                                                     Requester Guide 26
                                                                        Updated 5/20/2021
   1. From the Create Purchase Request screen, click the ‘Pencil Edit’ icon next to
      the shipping address. The Edit Address window will pop up prompting you to
      fill out new address information.
   2. Fill out all required fields.
   3. Once the address has been updated, slide the Update Address function from
      “off” to “on”.
   4. Click ‘Save Address’.
   5. You will be returned to the Create Purchase Request screen with your new
      address information populated on the Request. (not pictured)

APPLY TO ALL FUNCTION
Edit accounting information for more than one line item at a time by following the
steps outlined below.
   1. Select the Line Items you would like to update with the same information by
       checking the boxes next to them.
   2. Click the box in the line item description header or once one item is selected
       click 'Apply to All' to apply any changes to all items.




   3. Fill out the appropriate information. Not all of the options need to be selected
      in order to proceed to the next step.




   4. Click 'Apply Changes'. You will be returned to the Line Item Overview and your
      Line Items will be updated.


 Note: Depending on the vendor and item, you may need to enter additional
 required information for each Line Item before you are able to submit your
 Request above and beyond what was selected while using Apply All. Vroozi




                                                                     Requester Guide 27
                                                                        Updated 5/20/2021
 Purchase will provide a message if any minimum information requirements have
 not been met.

SPLIT ACCOUNT ASSIGNMENT
Use split accounting to share the cost of an item among multiple accounting groups.
For Requesters with the permission to edit line items (assigned by your
administrator), the ability to split the accounting will be available.
   1. From the Purchase Request draft, locate the item you would like to update
      and click on the linked item Description.
   2. Scroll down to the Accounting section.
   3. Choose how to split the Account Assignment—by Quantity, by Value or by
      Percent.




   4. Choose an Account Category (i.e. Cost Center) from the drop-down menu. The
      Cost Object options will automatically update based on your selection. (Image
      below shows the Split Account
      assignment by Quantity.)
   5. Choose the corresponding Cost
      Object.
   6. Enter your Quantity, Value or
      Percent for the first part of your
      Accounting Split.
   7. Input the split information for
      the second Account Category.
   8. If more than two splits are
      needed, click the + button and
      continue filling out the relevant
      information for each until
      completed.
   9. Scroll down and click the Save button to update the Line Item. (not pictured)




                                                                  Requester Guide 28
                                                                     Updated 5/20/2021
PURCHASE REQUESTS
A Requester is able to view any Request they have created by navigating to the
Purchase Requests category in the Navigation Panel. Here Requests are organized
into 4 categories; Drafts, Pending, Approved and Attention (rejected) Requests.

Click on the desired status column to display a historical list of Requisitions. (The
Pending tab has been selected in the image below.)




To view the details or initiate an action on a PO, click the linked ‘Request Number’
DUPLICATE (COPY) A REQUEST
Once a Request has been approved, you have the ability to duplicate, or “copy” this
request and submit it as a new Request for approval. This function is time-saving for
large recurring orders because you do not have to search for the line items again.
Once copied, you are able to add or delete Line Items to tailor the request to your
needs at that time.

Pending and approved Requests with line items from internal catalogs may be
copied, and the system will validate the pricing before submission. However,
Punchout catalog line items cannot be copied because the price checking function
is not available for external websites.

For more detailed information about how to complete purchase requests after the
duplication process, see previous Create’ sections.

   1. First, you must locate the approved request to duplicate. From the
      Homepage, select ‘Purchase Requests’ from the navigation panel.

   2. From this page, you are able to view your requests by status. Click on
      ‘Approved’ or ‘Pending’ requests.

   3. Locate
      the
      request




                                                                        Requester Guide 29
                                                                           Updated 5/20/2021
      you would like to copy and click the ‘Duplicate Request’ icon (stacked papers
      on the right side) to begin the process. You may preview this request
      beforehand by clicking into the linked ‘Request Number’.

   4. Alternatively you may copy a requisition from the requisition view by clicking
      Copy. (shown below)




   5. A new requisition with a new unique document number will be created with
      the same items and Accounting and Tax information as defined in the original
      request. (not pictured)

   6. Verify the correctness of the new Purchase Request and update the
      information if needed.

   7. You are able to customize your newly copied Request using the available
      functions within the request like adding or removing line items, updating
      quantities, adding attachments, and updating the accounting sections. See
      the Create a Request sections for more details.

   8. Once the data and notes for the copied request are updated and verified,
      save’ the request or ‘Submit’ for approval. (not pictured)

RESUBMIT A REJECTED REQUEST
At the administrative level, your organization may configure the Vroozi system to
allow Requesters the ability to directly edit and resubmit a Requisition that has been
rejected. If your organization does not allow for resubmittance of requisitions, see the
Copy (Duplicate)
Request section as an
alternative method of




                                                                      Requester Guide 30
                                                                         Updated 5/20/2021
re-submitting a Request for approval.

When a Request is rejected, you will be notified via email. The Request will be in the
Attention status tab for you to review and take action to edit and submit it again to
your approver(s).

   1. Click the Attention (rejected) Requests.

   2. To drill down into Request Details, click the linked Request Number.

   3. Review the Notes from Approver to see why the Request was rejected and if it
      needs to be amended and re-submitted for approval.

      Note: If there aren’t any new notes or attachments from the approver, it is
      recommended that you email or call the approver who rejected your Request
      to find out the reason for rejection.



   4. Make any necessary changes to the Request. This could be a Quantity change,
      adding or removing Line Items, or attaching relevant documents for example.

   5. Add any Notes for the Approver if needed by clicking ‘Add Note’. Enter any
      comments and click the green ‘Save Note’. (not pictured)

   6. Scroll down to the bottom and click 'Submit Request'. (not pictured) The
      Request will now be classified as Pending if it is above the auto-approval
      threshold. You will receive an email notification once it has been approved (or
      rejected again).




APPROVAL STATUS
Based on configurations defined by your administrator. Based on each individual’s
spend threshold, requisitions after submission may go through a series of approvals.

Before or after
submitting a requisition
you can view the
approval workflow by
clicking ‘Approval Status’



                                                                      Requester Guide 31
                                                                         Updated 5/20/2021
(shown on right) on the Requisition.

Once clicked all approvers will be revealed. (shown below) If approval review has
been completed by any listed approvers, the date and time
of their response will be notated.
Once your Requisition has completed any applicable
approval workflow, an email notification will confirm
approval.




`
Similarly rejected Requisitions will trigger an email notification. The email
notification will include who rejected the requisition and if available will include the
rejection notes provided by the Approver.




                                                                       Requester Guide 32
                                                                           Updated 5/20/2021
Requester Guide 33
   Updated 5/20/2021
PURCHASE ORDERS
A Requester is able to view all their Purchase Order by navigating to the Purchase
Orders category. Here, POs are able to be searched, filtered and viewed.

   1. Select ‘Purchase Orders’ in the navigation panel.

   2. From here you will be able to view the repository of all your POs. Use the
      Search bar to search by Accounting elements, Request Name, Status, Supplier,
      etc. (shown on right)

   3. Click any of the arrows to
      organize by PO Number, PO
      Creation Date, Supplier,
      Request Number or
      ‘Purchase Orders’ by
      ascending or descending
      order. POs are automatically
      organized from oldest to
      newest.

   4. To drill down into PO Details, click the linked PO Number for more
      information.

   5. The corresponding Purchasing Parties, Supplier, Payment, Communications,
      and Related Document data can be viewed by clicking the icons on the right
      side of the page.

   6. There is also an option to Print or save it as a print-friendly document.

   7. If the PO has been Ordered, a Goods Receipt can be created directly from this
      page by clicking on the circular blue icon docked on the bottom right of the
      page.




                                                                      Requester Guide 34
                                                                         Updated 5/20/2021
PURCHASE ORDER NAVIGATION
   1. Click the print icon to print the PO or save as a PDF

   2. Basic Buyer and Supplier details shown.

   3. Quick reference
      status icon.

   4. Navigation
      icons to add
      comments, view
      PO history,
      supplier and
      payment
      details, record
      notes and view
      related
      documents.
      (more on
      comments in next section)

   5. Line Items. Click the description to view specific details.

   6. Create a PO Change Request (as defined by your administrator)

DOCUMENT NAVIGATION
The Document Navigation bar is available
within any submitted Requisition through to
Invoice.

Here you can access the history of the
document. Which includes various
communication channels and history
through different looks.

Add Comments to a PO
An optional ‘Comment’ icon can be accessed at the top of the navigation icons on
the right side of a PO or Invoice, allowing any user with access to the document to
communicate internally with other users in the application.
   ● Comments field expands to view or ‘Add comments




                                                                     Requester Guide 35
                                                                        Updated 5/20/2021
●   Comments will be viewable by all users with access to the document. To
    specifically notify a user(s), type @ to retrieve a list of users to tag in the
    comment.




●   Any user(s) tagged will receive an email notification of a ‘Comment’ (See
    below)




Purchase Order History
   View the history of the document including user
   names, action taken with date & time stamps.

Purchasing Parties
   View Requester, Buyer, Company Code and
   Supplier details.

Supplier
  Access Supplier contact information




                                                                       Requester Guide 36
                                                                          Updated 5/20/2021
   View Payment History
      View invoice history (if it exists)

   Notes
     View history of Notes that have been added to each transactional document
     in the flow. This may include notes from requester, buyer, (approvers), AP team
     members & the supplier.

   Related Documents
      View Purchase Requests, Shipment notice, Invoices, Receipts & Returns. Click
      the hyperlinked document number to access the referenced document
      directly. (shown on right)


Note: Any fields without data can be selected but will appear in a light gray color.
Example on previous page shows a PO that has not yet been paid therefore the
Payment Icon appears in a lighter color. (shown below)



RESPONDING TO A DISPUTED OR CONFIRMED PURCHASE ORDER
Based on the communication standards set by each supplier, you may receive PO
status updates from a supplier that includes confirmation or dispute of each line
item.

What if an item is confirmed?
This means that the supplier has accepted the quantity, price and delivery date of
the item as listed in the PO.

What if an item is confirmed?
Based on the type of PO Change Request permissions available, you may choose to
remove the Disputed PO
item(s) and add a
replacement item.

If the item has been
disputed based on the
delay in shipment, you may choose to leave the PO as is and wait to receive the
items. If the item has been disputed based on a price change, you (if POCR is
enabled) may change the price.

Changes made to the PO may send that document back through financial and/or
sourcing approval reviews following your organizations workflow configuration. Once




                                                                     Requester Guide 37
                                                                        Updated 5/20/2021
approved, all of the PO changes will result in the transmission of an updated PO to
the supplier, which will again be confirmed or disputed by the supplier.

Outside of POCR actions, Requesters could choose to create a new PO with
alternative items or services.




GOODS RECEIPT
A Goods Receipt is a document that is issued to acknowledge the receipt of items
received from external vendors.

CREATE A GOODS RECEIPT
After catalog products or products & services are delivered to you, verify the
completeness of your order and create a Goods Receipt. This section describes how
to create a Goods Receipt when all products and mixed requests are delivered as
expected, without issue.

From the Homepage, click ‘Receipts’ from your Requester panel. Your view will
default to the ‘Ready to Receive’ tab listing all POs awaiting the completion of a
goods receipt. Any POs that do require a goods receipt will not be listed in this tab.
Please see your administrator for specific information of the Goods receipt
requirements for your organization.

   1. Locate the PO Number you would like to receive. Next to it, click the truck
      icon. Once selected, the Create Goods Receipt view will open.




   2. From the Goods Receipt draft, review the line item quantities and compare to
      what has been received. If all items have been received click ‘Receive all’.
      (shown on next page)

   3. If some items have been received, enter the specific number of received items
      in the Quantity Received field. Once submitted, this action will create a
      parietal goods receipt and the PO will remain in the ‘Ready to Receive tab




                                                                       Requester Guide 38
                                                                          Updated 5/20/2021
   until all items have been received. POs in this status will be indicated with a
   pie icon as shown in the next section.

4. If the item(s) were received prior to receipt creation click into the ‘Actual Del.
   Date’ of the line item to select the appropriate date in the delivery calendar.
   Unless updated the delivery date will default to the date the receipt draft was
   originally created.

5. Enter the Bill of Lading and/or Packing Slip information. If needed, add any
   Comments to the Goods Receipt. These fields are optional.




6. Click ‘Confirm Receipt’. Once completed, the Goods Receipt will be relocated
   to the ‘Ready to Receive’ tab within ‘Receipt Status.




                                                                     Requester Guide 39
                                                                        Updated 5/20/2021
CREATE A GOODS RECEIPT FOR PARTIAL DELIVERY (1/2)
As outlined in the previous section, a partial receipt of goods can be completed. For
many organizations it is a best practice to receive items as they come in rather than
waiting until all have arrived, making the partial receipt process a frequent
occurrence.

To get started follow steps 1 and 2 outlined in the previous section. At Step 3 enter
the specific quantities received. Once you have completed any packing slip
information, added comments or updated actual date of delivery, complete the
partial receipt by selecting ‘Confirm Receipt.’

A pop up window will prompt confirmation that you would in fact like to submit the
partial Goods Receipt. Click ‘Yes, Create!’.




Note: If the non-received items will never be received due to discontinuation or
reasons. Select ‘Close PO for Receiving’. This will remove any further receipt
requirements for items related to the particular PO.

The Goods Receipt document will be recorded in the Received status tab historical
data. The dollar amount for this Goods receipt will only display the value of the
received items.




The PO will also remain in the ’Ready to Receive’ tab with a Pie icon next to the
delivery truck icon. (shown below) This indicates that some but not all items have
been received.




                                                                      Requester Guide 40
                                                                          Updated 5/20/2021
CREATE A SUBSEQUENT PARTIAL GOODS RECEIPT (2/2)
After a partial Goods Receipt is executed, the document remains in the Ready to
Receive status. When the remaining products are delivered, a Subsequent Partial
Goods Receipt will need to be entered in the system. This may need to happen more
than once until fulfillment.

Repeat all steps as defined in Part 1. Once all items are fulfilled the PO will
completely move to the ‘Received tab.’

SERVICE RECEIPTS WITH 1-CLICK CONFIRMATION
If enabled by your administrator any
recipients of a Missing Service Receipt
email notification can generate a ‘Service
Receipt’ with ‘1 click’ directly from that
email.

   ●   The Service Receipt specification will
       appear at the top of the email. To
       take action recipients can simply
       click ‘Confirm Invoice’. (image on
       next page)




GOODS RECEIPT CREATED FROM AN
ASN
(Only applicable for buying organizations using the Supplier Portal.)

Advanced Shipment Notices can be submitted through the Supplier portal by the
supplier user who creates it against a Purchase Order.

Upon Shipment Notice submission, the PO Requester receives email notification of




                                                                         Requester Guide 41
                                                                            Updated 5/20/2021
the ASN containing details of the Purchase Order shipment.

PO Requester can create a Goods Receipt directly from Shipment Notices



CREATE A GOODS RETURN AGAINST AN ‘INVOICED’ PO
Vroozi supports the complexity of reinvoicing (rebilling) processes with your
suppliers. If enabled at the administrative level, Requesters will have the ability to
create a Goods Return for an item which has already been ‘Invoiced’ in the system in
order to initiate the re invoicing process. Previously the option to return items was
removed from the Goods Receipt view once the associated PO was in ‘Invoiced’
status.

Workflow
When a PO is allowed to be
reopened post invoicing by
Requesters/Buyers the Goods
Receipt status will either be,
‘Confirmed’, ‘Shipped’ or ‘Ordered’.
The change of status from
‘Invoiced’ back to one of these
statuses opens the PO for returns
and then if necessary
receiving.When a Goods Return is
created for the item(s), the PO and Goods Receipt statuses will change back to the
status they retained prior to the Goods Return creation; ‘Confirmed’, ‘Shipped’ or
‘Ordered’.

In the example on the next page, the PO and Goods Receipt status changed back to
‘Confirmed’ once the return was documented in the system.




                                                                     Requester Guide 42
                                                                        Updated 5/20/2021
The change in PO status allows your Accounts Payable team to create an Invoice
against the PO in the event the supplier sends an updated invoice per their
return/exchange process.

When or if the returned/replaced, PO items are again received, the Requester/Buyer
has the ability to again confirm receipt of goods for the items in ‘Ordered’ status. As
shown on the previous page,
the PO view will again display
the options to ‘Create
Receipt’ or ‘Close for
Receiving’. Requesters
should select ‘Close for
receiving’ if the items
returned post invoice will
never be replaced by the supplier.




GOODS RETURN
If you need to return a product that was delivered for any reason, you must first
create a Goods Receipt for those items. Only after the products have been received,
can a return be documented in Vroozi Purchase. Any return documentation
recorded in Vroozi does not trigger communication to the supplier. With this in
mind, you should reach out to the supplier directly following any supplier or
organization specific processes for initiating the return.

The steps for
documenting a
Good Return
are as follows:

   1. From the
      ‘Receipts’ category, select the ‘Received’ tab. This is the repository of all POs
      with completely or partially received items.

   2. Access the completed goods receipt in the ‘Received’ tab.

   3. Find the applicable Goods Receipt or PO number. In the right column click
      the action arrow. (shown below)




                                                                        Requester Guide 43
                                                                           Updated 5/20/2021
   4. This will generate the Goods Receipt Return draft. There are 2 required fields
      on this draft.

         ●   ‘Quantity Returned’ and ‘Reason for Return’. (shown below)




   5. The RMA or Packing Slip information, and comments fields are optional.

   6. Complete the Return form by selecting ‘Confirm Goods Returned’.
         ●   A pop up will ask you to reconfirm the return of goods. Select ‘Yes
             Create’. (shown below)




   `
Success! You have completed the documentation of your goods return. The goods
return document may be accessed under the ‘Returned’ tab with it’s own unique
number. The new status of this document will be ‘Confirmed’.




A return can also be viewed in the Related Documents section of the navigation bar
found in the related PO, Goods Receipt or Invoice.




                                                                     Requester Guide 44
                                                                        Updated 5/20/2021
PURCHASE ORDER CHANGE REQUEST
(POCR)
The POCR functionality allows a range of modifications to be made to a Purchase
Order. Change order permissions are based on global settings designated by your
organization’s Administrators, identify which changes or combinations of changes
can be made.

See POCR Guide in the Vroozi HelpDesk for specific details.




INVOICES
Based on the workflows defined by your
organization’s administrators you may be
asked to resolve exceptions related to a PO
created based on a Requisition you
submitted. This will require immediate action
by you.

NOTIFICATION
When an exception occurs that requires your
attention you will be notified 2 ways.

   1. You will receive an email notification.
      Like other Vroozi emails, the notification will include the PO details and type
      of action required. Click ‘View Invoice’ to navigate directly to the invoice in
      Vroozi Purchase. (shown on previous page)

   2. A badge indicating the number of invoices awaiting your response will appear
      next to the ‘Resolve Invoices’ category in your navigation panel.




                                                                     Requester Guide 45
                                                                         Updated 5/20/2021
An exception indicates one or both of the following:
   1. The PO is missing a Goods Receipt
   2. There is a discrepancy between the PO submitted by your organization to the
      supplier and the Supplier Invoice.

SUBMIT A RESOLUTION
   1. Open ‘Invoices’ and select the Invoice number to view the Exception
      message(s) and take action.




   2. Click ‘Assign to me’.




   3. View Exception Handling Messages

   4. Select the Green Exception Actions

      In the example below, the first exception requires the Requester to Create a
      Goods Receipt. The process will be the same as for any other PO.




                                                                   Requester Guide 46
                                                                       Updated 5/20/2021
   5. Resolve Exception will require you to select a resolution. Check the box for the
      desired action and include a message (optional)




   6. Once you select an action the save button will become enabled.

   7. ‘Submit Resolution’ to return back to the AP Processor




CLOSED PO AFTER A FINAL INVOICE
A Final Invoice indicates that some but not all of the items contained in the
referenced PO will be invoiced. This could be the case in the event that a supplier is
short on their ability to fulfill an order, an item is returned before an invoice is
created, etc.

Based on the status of the Goods Receipt at the time this happens, you may be
required to take action. In this event email communication will walk you through
what to do.

Final Invoice on a PO without a complete Goods Receipt
In this event, a buying organizations AP team closes the PO for receiving by creating
a Final Invoice and a Goods Receipt has not yet been completed against the PO, the
PO will automatically close for receiving, a Goods Receipt will not be required and
the status of the PO will change to ‘Invoiced’.




                                                                      Requester Guide 47
                                                                         Updated 5/20/2021
Final Invoice on a PO with a completed Goods Receipt
In the event a Receipt is completed/confirmed for the full amount before the AP
Processor determines that the invoice is Final, the Requester/Buyer will receive an
email with instructions on how to proceed. (below)




                                                                    Requester Guide 48
                                                                        Updated 5/20/2021
DOCUMENT FLOW
The Document Flow function allows requesters to view details of their transactions
by document type. Related Document type. It also can display a diagram of where
the Request is in the purchasing process lifecycle.
   1. From the Homepage, click ‘Document Flow’ on
      the blue navigation bar. The Document Type
      drop down menu defaults to All. It is optional to
      update the type to further narrow the search
      results.

   2. Select ‘Search’.

   3. The Related Documents will appear and
      display the current Status.

   4. Click the Eye icon in order to view Document Detail information. (details not
      pictured)

   5. Click ‘Document Flow’ to see every Related Document and how they are
      interconnected. See the example below.




                                                                    Requester Guide 49
                                                                       Updated 5/20/2021
CENTRAL RECEIVERS
Central Receivers can confirm receipt of goods or services, return Goods and resolve
invoices for any Purchase Order on behalf of anyone in the organization.

As a Requester with the Central Receiver role, Select Admin View in the navigation
panel to open the Central Receiver functions. (see below)

Here you can search for the PO Number and create Goods Receipts or returns as
described in the corresponding Goods Receipt and Ordered Goods Return sections.
Depending on your organization, the Central Receiver role may or may not be
available.

View of a Requester and Central Receiver dual role.




When logging in as a central receiver without any combined roles, you are
immediately directed to the Goods Receipts page. Please see the Goods Receipt
portion of this guide for further instruction.




                                                                    Requester Guide 50
                                                                       Updated 5/20/2021
Requester Guide 51
  Updated 5/20/2021
