Create PO via Buy Route
Buyers can bypass PR workflow and create a rush PO via Buy Route.

NOTE: Only users assigned to the ‘Buyer’ role will be able to create these
types of direct purchase orders.

STEP 1:
From the Buyer navigation panel, select ‘Create Order.’

STEP 2:
The ‘Create a Purchase Order’ window will appear.




Fill in the required information fields:

   ●   Supplier Name
   ●   Order Type
   ●   Payment Terms
   ●   Order Name
   ●   FOB Terms (Optional)
   ●   Company Code
   ●   Currency
STEP 3:
Click the green ‘Continue’ button to proceed with the order.




STEP 4:
Click the blue ‘Add Item’ button to add line items to the order.




                                                                   2
STEP 5:
Fill in the required line item fields, same as you would to submit a free text or
non-catalog purchase request.

   1. Type (select product or service)
   2. Category (use the drop down menu or search to select the category which
      best classifies the line item)
   3. Description
   4. Unit price (cost)
   5. Currency (defaults to USD)
   6. Quantity
   7. UoM (unit of measure)
   8. Supplier
   9. Service Period or Delivery Date depending on ‘Type’ selected.




STEP 6:
Enter the appropriate accounting information for the line item.

STEP 7:
Enter the company information for the Purchasing Organization and Plant
fields. Select the correct tax option from the drop down menu (i.e. taxable, tax
exempt, etc.)



                                                                                    3
NOTE: Requirements will vary based on your organization’s configurations.




Click the green ‘Save Item’ button to save the line item to the purchase order.




STEP 8:
Repeat steps 5-8 as needed until all line items have been added to the purchase
order. Click the green ‘Continue’ button to proceed once all line items have been
added.




                                                                                  4
STEP 9:
Click the shipping address field and select the appropriate address from the
dropdown menu. Add any internal comments regarding the purchase order and
any notes or instructions for the supplier into the appropriate fields.




STEP 10:
Click the green ‘Finish’ button to create a draft of your purchase order. Review
and verify all information entered into the purchase order is accurate. Add any
shipping instructions if necessary.




                                                                                   5
STEP 11:
Click the green ‘Submit’ button to send the Purchase Order to the supplier.




STEP 12:
The Order can then be found in ‘PO Status’ under ‘In Progress’. This status will
remain until the Supplier confirms shipment of the item(s).




                                                                                   6
