Sourcing Review Enablement
Quick ‘how to’ on the creation of Sourcing Review Workflows.



A Sourcing Review is the process of having a Purchase Requisition go through a
special workflow (reviewed by a Sourcing Approver) to ensure the company is
receiving the best price, from the most appropriate supplier on any item or service
needed.
Since not all orders need to go through this kind of review; the company's Admin
can set rules that would trigger the review of a purchase request or change
request. The company's Admin will set these tables dependent upon the direction of
the Company’s Sourcing team. Once the sourcing workflow is activated, all PR's will
be checked against the rules set on the tables explained below.




CREATE SOURCING APPROVERS
Responsible for sourcing review of specific Requisitions before the requisition goes
through any financial approval. Sourcing
Approvers apply to the use of Sourcing Rules
outside of any Buy Route workflows.

Sourcing Approver Role
   ●   Users with the Sourcing Approver role can
       be added to other roles.
          ➢ Master Data >Users >Create a new
             user
   ●   Editing rights​ applied as a global setting.




Sourcing Workflow Enablement
   1. Toggle on ‘Sourcing Workflow’

   2. Toggle on ‘Editable PR’ to allow all sourcing approvers to have access to Edit
      Purchase Requests. This is a global function and cannot be removed at the
      individual approver level. (​ Shown on next page)




                                                                                       1
Sourcing Rules
A Logic Rule Table sets the rules at which the PR is flagged for sourcing review and
determines when the special workflow is activated. Through this feature Admins can
activate/ deactivate items, search and filter or add a
new Sourcing Rule.
When editing this page, fill out all the required fields
and click 'Save Sourcing Rule' button.

*​Indicates a Required field.

*​Catalog Type
Can be set for Catalog or Non-Catalog Items.


Currency
Sourcing Workflows can be defined based on the
currency being used. The system will convert the
Requester spend threshold, the approvers approval limit and/or the PR total value to
the default currency based on the exchange rate configured for currency type in the
master data table.

Rules can be applied to All Currencies or a specific currency. (‘Apply to All Currencies’
shown on right) If the latter setting is chosen, only Requisitions with items
containing the currency specified will be applied to the workflow.



*​Amount
Enter currency amount that will necessitate
review.



                                                                                        2
If ‘Apply to All Currencies’ is selected, the currency symbol will be removed from the
‘Amount’ field. (​ Shown below) ​All previous Sourcing Rule configurations remain.



Categories
Select existing Category(s) to apply to the Sourcing
Rule. Multiple categories can be selected.



Suppliers
Toggle on to ‘Apply to All Suppliers’ or instead add
specific ‘Blacklisted’ suppliers to the rule.
(Shown below)
If ‘Apply to All Suppliers’ is toggled off, ‘Black
listed Suppliers’ becomes a Required field.




Supplier Part Number
This is a free text field to enter a part number. Only one part number can be entered
so the rule would apply only to that part number. If
using part number, be sure that any category or
specific supplier selected match the category and
supplier for the part number.



Sourcing Approvers
Select specific Sourcing Approvers who will be responsible for any requisitions that
are flagged for review by this rule. If multiple Sourcing Approvers are selected, only
one person is needed to review. The Requester will be prompted to select one of the
Approvers before they can submit their requisition.




If no sourcing approvers are selected here and the field is left blank, the Requester
will select one approver from ​All​ Sourcing Approvers.




                                                                                         3
