Sourcing Review Roles
Overview of each employee’s role in the Sourcing Review Workflow.




Requester
Once a Sourcing rule is configured, requisitions that trigger that sourcing rule will be
flagged for review. Before submitting
the requisition, Requesters will receive
a notification on the Requisition draft
letting them know the requisition will
go through Sourcing Review. ​(shown
on right)




While awaiting review, the PR’s status
will be displayed as ‘Sourcing Review’.




Sourcing Approver
Sourcing Approvers will receive email notification when a requisition is ready for
review.

SOURCING APPROVER DASHBOARD
Any employees with the Sourcing Approver role will be directed to the ‘Approve
Requests’ view
upon login.

There are three
tabs within this
view ’Pending’,
‘Approved’ and



                                                                                       1
‘Rejected’. The view will default to ‘Pending’.

TAKE ACTION
Click the Request # to view details. Once the requisition is opened, Sourcing
Approvers will have several options. (​ shown on next page)

   ●   Reject
   ●   Edit​ (if the global editing option is enabled as shown above)
   ●   Forward​: Assign to another approver.
   ●   Approve




EDIT A REQUISITION
Click on the line item to view the General, company,
accounting and tax information. Make changes as
needed

Select ‘Edit’ to make changes. Then click the description
for the line item you wish to edit. (​ line item details shown
on right)

   ●   Note: ​Permission to edit a requisition is a global
       setting defined by the Purchase Administrator. If
       disabled by the administrator, the Edit button will
       not appear for Sourcing Approvers.

‘Save Item’.




                                                                                2
Once changes have been made a new message will appear below the navigation
option. If changes are incorrect, select ‘Revert all Changes’ to return to the originally
submitted requisition.




FORWARD REQUISITION
After review is complete and/or edits have been
made, before selecting ‘Approve’ Select ‘Forward’
to enable review by another Sourcing Approver.




REJECT/APPROVE
Select ‘Reject’ or ‘Approve’ and enter a Note for the Requester.

   ●   Completion of a note is optional
         ○ Any notes will be viewable from the rejection/approval email
            notification the Requester will receive.




If decision codes are used, Approvers will be asked to select from a predefined list of
decision codes.




NEXT STEPS
The requisition will then either convert to Purchase Order or if Approval Workflow is
enabled will be directed to the first Financial Approver.

                                                                                            3
