   Accounts Payable
       Analytics
    Guide for users with access to the Accounts Payable Dashboard


The Accounts Payabledashboard is featured in all Administrator navigation panels
and may also be added as a user permission at each user’s record or via the user
builk upload tool. See the administrator guide for more information.




Table of Contents:
Accounts Payable Dashboard                                                           2
   Invoice Data                                                                      3
   PO Data                                                                           4
   Invoice Creation Data                                                             4
   Open Po Data                                                                      6
Schedule & Share Reports                                                             8

   Report Filters                                                                    8

   Export Reports                                                                    9

   Download Reports                                                                 10

   Send Reports                                                                     10




                                                                        AP Analytics ​1

                                                                Last Update 10/14/2020
A​CCOUNTS​ P​AYABLE​ D​ASHBOARD
Accounts Payable Dashboard access can be assigned to any user at their user record
or if added to the user’s credentials in an uploaded bulk user file.

Users with access can retrieve the AP Dashboard from the ‘Dashboard’ category of
their navigation panel.

Upon login users will be navigated to the Dashboard page where they can view
holistic data on the invoices being processed. Data is organized into graphs, reports
and KPIs.




                                                                          AP Analytics ​2

                                                                   Last Update 10/14/2020
I​NVOICE​ D​ATA
Displays complete list of all Invoices. Upon login data is organized newest to oldest.




Select the downward arrow in each column to sort by column data.




                                                                           AP Analytics ​3

                                                                    Last Update 10/14/2020
PO D​ATA
All Purchase Orders currently in the system. Data is organized newest to oldest. Each
PO line displays PO creation, Submitted dates, Supplier Id and Buyer. Data does not
include original PR number or Split Type Value.




I​NVOICE​ C​REATION​ D​ATA
This dashboard contains the following metrics:

   1. Created By: ​ Displays total document count by status per AP user.
   2. Initiator Invoice Count: ​Graph of total Invoices created over the trailing 3
      months.
   3. Missing PO #:​ Organized by AP user over the trailing 3 months
   4. Suppliers Missing PO#: ​Supplier invoice count over the trailing 3 months.




                                                                          AP Analytics ​4

                                                                   Last Update 10/14/2020
       AP Analytics ​5

Last Update 10/14/2020
O​PEN​ P​O​ D​ATA
Graphics and reports displaying data for POs that have not yet been invoiced.

   1. Overall count of documents of ‘Not Received' Invoices
   2. Overall count of documents in ‘PO Received’ by not Invoiced
   3. Table of orders without received invoices
   4. Table of POs received that have not been invoiced.




Visual Displays for dashboard looks 1 & 2 (shown above)

   ●   Click on the number to view a geographic visual
       representation of Open POs origin. (shown on next
       page)




                                                                        AP Analytics ​6

                                                                 Last Update 10/14/2020
●   Select ‘Table’ to View the data as a Table.




                                                         AP Analytics ​7

                                                  Last Update 10/14/2020
S​CHEDULE​ & S​HARE​ R​EPORTS
Schedule a report to be sent out at regular intervals via email or sftp.
Reports can be sent to any user role within your organization.
   1. Select the gear icon in the right corner of the screen.
   2. Select ‘Save & Schedule’




   3. Define the format of the report to be sent, the delivery schedule, etc.




R​EPORT​ F​ILTERS
Filtering allows the user to filter data into something more meaningful. To use the
filter apply the following:

   1. Select a report Category and navigate to the Filter (top left corner)


                                                                            AP Analytics ​8

                                                                     Last Update 10/14/2020
   2. In the drop-down menu select filtering parameters (will vary slightly
      depending on the category.
   3. Select Run.




E​XPORT​ R​EPORTS
You can select to export data through the Vroozi Analytics module. Select the gear
icon to reveal download options.

   1. Use the menu navigation to select download data




   2. Select desired action.




                                                                         AP Analytics ​9

                                                                  Last Update 10/14/2020
D​OWNLOAD​ R​EPORTS
Name & Select formatting preferences (below)




S​END​ R​EPORTS
Customize and select a recipient(s) to send the exported data to. Recipients may
include individuals with or without a Vroozi account. Sharing a report will not
provide access to Vroozi, simply a file that can be opened via the email notification.




                                                                          AP Analytics ​10

                                                                    Last Update 10/14/2020
