           Administrator
             Analytics
       Guide for users with access to the Administrator Dashboard


The administrator dashboard is featured in all Administrator navigation panels and
may also be added as a user permission at each user’s record or via the user builk
upload tool. See the administrator guide for more information.




Table of Contents:
Administrator Analytics                                                                2
   Dashboard Navigation                                                                2
   Spend Reporting Dashboard                                                           3
   Supplier Reporting Dashboard                                                        4
   Document Reporting Dashboard                                                        5
   Catalog Reporting Dashboard                                                         6
   User Reporting Dashboard                                                            7

Report Filters                                                                         8

Sharing Analytics                                                                      8
   Schedule Reports                                                                    9
   Download Reports                                                                   10
   Send Reports                                                                       10




                                                               Administrator Analytics 1​

                                                                 Last Update 10/14/2020
Administrator Analytics
D​ASHBOARD​ N​AVIGATION
Administrator dashboard access can be assigned to any user at their user record or if
added to the user’s credentials in an uploaded bulk user file.

The Administrator Dashboard displays metrics for all document and workflow types.

Below is the list of ‘Looks’ on the Administrator Dashboard:

   1. Current Month Spend: ​Describes the current month spend. The number
      directly below it is the comparison from the previous month.
   2. Purchase Request Count This Month: ​Describes the number of purchase
      requests submitted in the current month.
   3. Current Month Purchase Orders: ​Describes the purchase orders in the
      “approved’ state. The number below describes the change for the current
      month.




   4. Total Invoices: ​Describes the total number of invoices submitted for a
      specific month.
   5. Catalogs Expiring: D
                         ​ escribes catalogs expiring in the current month.



                                                               Administrator Analytics 2
                                                                                       ​

                                                                  Last Update 10/14/2020
   6. Purchase Request Count: D
                              ​ escribes the status of all the purchase requests
      in the company at any current time.
   7. Analytics by Category ​Click to view s​ pecific dashboards by desired topic
   8. Purchase Request Count: D  ​ escribes the total number since Go-Live.
      Organized by status.
   9. Top 10 Suppliers: ​Describes the top 10 suppliers by the amount spent with
      that supplier.




S​PEND​ R​EPORTING​ D​ASHBOARD




This dashboard contains the following metrics:

   1. Total Spend since Go-Live: T
                                 ​ his metric calculates total spend from the time
      the client started at Vroozi.
   2. Current Month Spend: ​ This visualization describes the current month spend.
      The number directly below it is the comparison from the previous month.
   3. Total Spend YTD: ​ Describes the spend from the year to the current date.
   4. Average Orders: ​ Describes the average from the approved purchase orders



                                                               Administrator Analytics 3
                                                                                       ​

                                                                  Last Update 10/14/2020
   5. Internal Catalog Spend​: This metric describes internal spend. This will
      exclude punch out spend and spend not on contract.
   6. Punchout Catalog Spend: ​This metric describes punchout catalog spend.
      This will exclude internal spend and spend not on contract.
   7. All Purchase Orders:​ Describes all the approved purchase orders.

S​UPPLIER​ R​EPORTING​ D​ASHBOARD




This dashboard contains the following metrics:

   1. Total Sales: ​This metric describes the total sales with that specific supplier.

   2. Total orders: ​A count of the total Purchase Orders with that supplier.

   3. Supplier Details: ​Describes every supplier spend




                                                                  Administrator Analytics 4
                                                                                          ​

                                                                     Last Update 10/14/2020
   4. Supplier Spend by Month: ​ Breakdown of overall spending by month



D​OCUMENT​ R​EPORTING​ D​ASHBOARD




This dashboard contains the following metrics:

   1. Purchase Request Count: ​Describes the purchase request count for
      submitted purchase requests.
   2. Purchase Orders the Month: D ​ escribes the purchase orders submitted this
      month that were approved.
   3. Confirmed Goods Receipts: ​Describes the goods receipts that were
      submitted.
   4. Orders Y/Y by month: ​describes the purchase orders submitted month by
      month.
   5. Expiring Catalogs This Quarter: L​ ist of catalogs that have or will expire
      during the given quarter.



                                                              Administrator Analytics 5
                                                                                      ​

                                                                Last Update 10/14/2020
   6. Average Purchase Order amount: d
                                     ​ escribes average purchase order
      amounts by month.
   7. Spend by State: ​the spend by the state it was submitted in.
   8. PO Total Count: Shows the status of all the purchase orders.



C​ATALOG​ R​EPORTING​ D​ASHBOARD




This dashboard contains:

   1. Active catalogs: ​Shows the active catalogs
   2. Expiring Catalogs this Quarter: C​ alculates the catalogs expiring this quarter.
   3. Catalog Status: ​Describes the status of the catalogs
   4. Most popular items per catalog: ​Describes the most popular item per
      catalog.
   5. Catalog compliance: ​ Describes the percent of catalog compliance.

                                                                Administrator Analytics 6
                                                                                        ​

                                                                  Last Update 10/14/2020
   6. Top ten Catalogs ​ Describes the top categories by spend.

U​SER​ R​EPORTING​ D​ASHBOARD




This dashboard contains the following metrics:

   1. Active Users: ​ Shows total active users.
   2. ActIve/inactive Users: G   ​ raph of Active & Inactive Users. Select user group to
      drill into details including spend limit and last login.
   3. Active Users by Role:​ Describes the count by role
   4. Spend by User: ​Describes the total spend since user creation.




                                                                  Administrator Analytics 7
                                                                                          ​

                                                                     Last Update 10/14/2020
All Analytics Users

Report Filters
Filtering allows the user to filter data into something more meaningful. To use the
filter apply the following:

   1. Select a report Category and navigate to the Filter (top left corner)
   2. In the drop down menu select filtering parameters (will vary slightly
      depending on the category.
   3. Select Run.




Sharing Analytics
You can select to export data through the Vroozi Analytics module. Select the gear
icon to reveal download options.

   1. Use the menu navigation to select download data

   2. Select desired action. (next page)




                                                                Administrator Analytics 8
                                                                                        ​

                                                                  Last Update 10/14/2020
S​CHEDULE​ R​EPORTS
Schedule a report or ‘look’ to be sent out at regular intervals via email or sftp.
Reports can be sent to any user role within your organization.
   1. Select the gear icon in the right corner of the screen.
   2. Select ‘Save & Schedule’




   3. Define the format of the report to be sent, the delivery schedule, etc.




                                                                   Administrator Analytics 9
                                                                                           ​

                                                                      Last Update 10/14/2020
D​OWNLOAD​ R​EPORTS
Name & Select formatting preferences (below)




S​END​ R​EPORTS
Customize and select a recipient(s) to send the exported data to.




                                                               Administrator Analytics 1​ 0

                                                                    Last Update 10/14/2020
Administrator Analytics 1​ 1

   Last Update 10/14/2020
