          Getting Started with Vroozi

Table of Contents
User Login                                                              1
   Browser Compatibility                                                1
   Accessing Vroozi SpendTech (Registration Email)                      1
   Password Reset                                                      2

User Profile                                                           3
   Set Profile Information                                             3

Navigation Tools                                                       5
   Logo                                                                5
   Announcements                                                       5
   Vroozi Helpdesk                                                     5

Navigation Basics                                                      7
   Hyperlinks                                                          7
   Expand field                                                        7




                                                     ​Getting Started ​ 0
USER LOGIN
This guide outlines the steps you will need to take as a new user, including any
technology requirements, login, and verification processes that need to take place
before creating requests.

BROWSER COMPATIBILITY
Vroozi Purchase runs on the latest two versions of I​ nternet Explorer​, F
                                                                         ​ irefox​, C
                                                                                    ​ hrome​,
and S
    ​ afari​. Please check that your computer and/or mobile device browser is up to
date



ACCESSING VROOZI (REGISTRATION EMAIL)
To get started, you will receive a welcome email notifying you that your account has
been created. The look of the email may vary based on whether your organization
uses Single Sign On Authentication or requires individual sign on to Vroozi.
Follow the prompts in your Welcome email to begin accessing Vroozi.


Registration for Non-SSO users:
   1. Look for the V
                   ​ roozi Purchase Registration​ in your email inbox from
      notifications@Vroozi.com​. If you do not see it, check your s​ pam box.
   2. Click the green Activate Account button. You will be redirected to the Create
      Password window.
          ○   If the pictures do not load, copy and paste the link below the green
              button into your browser instead to set your password for the first time.




                                                                             ​Getting Started ​ 1
●   Click ‘Set Password’
●   Your password must contain the following:
        ○ At least 1 number
        ○ An uppercase letter
        ○ Minimum of 8 letters
        ○ At least 1 non-alphanumeric number




Note: ​ If your passwords do not match or do not meet the character
requirements, the Set Password button will not be clickable until corrections
are made.




                                                                  ​Getting Started ​ 2
   PASSWORD RESET
   Password reset is available if you have forgotten your password, deleted or used
   your initial ​Registration Email​.
   1. Start by navigating to the Vroozi Vroozi Purchase login page—if you aren’t
      already there, go to ​https://go.Vroozi.com​.
   2. Type in your email address.
   3. Click ‘Reset Password’. An email will be sent to you from
      notifications@Vroozi.com​.
   4. Create your N
                  ​ ew Password​ following the password requirements listed above.
      It must be different than your previous password(s).
   5. Confirm the same password again directly below.
   6. Click ‘​Set Password’​.
   7. Select the ‘Click here to Log In’ link in order to take you to the V
                                                                         ​ roozi Purchase
      login page.
          ○   If the pictures do not load, copy and paste the link below the green
              button into your browser instead to set your password for the first time.
          ○   If you click on the link and it says that it “has already been used, you
              may have accidentally double clicked it. Try resetting your password
              again from step #1 of this section.




USER PROFILE
Applies to all Vroozi Purchase roles including Sourcing, Expense
& Analytics.

SET PROFILE INFORMATION
Before executing any task in Vroozi, verify or update your Profile Information.
Depending on your organization.
   1. From the Homepage, click your name to reveal a drop down menu on the top
      left of the screen.
   2. Enter the Personal Details including Contact Title and Telephone Number.
      Adding your personalized avatar or Profile Picture is optional.



                                                                          ​Getting Started ​ 3
3. If you are an Approver, you will want to create a 4 digit numeric PIN Code. This
   will enable you to approve or reject Pending Requests directly from email or
   smartphone. (indicated below)
4. Here you can also reset your password.
       ○   There is a separate ‘Save New Password’ button.
5. Once the required details are complete, ‘Save’ will become enabled.




6. Scroll down to the bottom of the page and verify the ​Document Defaults​; C
                                                                             ​ ost
   Center​, C
            ​ urrency a
                      ​ nd​ Company Code​. Depending on your organization’s
   protocols, the ​Document Default​ drop down options may vary from what is
   pictured.

 Note: U​ nless a
                ​ restriction has been added at user role creation, users have the
 ability to change their defaults. This restriction would inhibit the user’s ability to
 edit the defaults of a PR or PO which affects the user’s ability to change the
 document default coding set in their profile.



7. If it has not already been populated, click ‘Create Address’ to setup your
   Default Address​ for the first time​.
8. Enter in all of the required A
                                ​ ddress​ information.
9. Click ‘Save Address’. Y
                         ​ our Default Shipping Address​ has been set.




                                                                        ​Getting Started ​ 4
NAVIGATION TOOLS
LOGO
Your Logo acts as your ‘Home’ button. Clicking it will redirect you back to your login
screen.




ANNOUNCEMENTS
Click the bell icon to view administrator announcements. If messages are awaiting
your review, a notification will appear next to the bell identifying the number of
messages.




VROOZI HELPDESK
   1. From the H
               ​ omepage​, click on the H
                                        ​ elp​ icon near the bottom left of the
      screen. (shown below) This will open a new browser tab directing shoppers to
      the H
          ​ elp​ page.




                                                                        ​Getting Started ​ 5
2. It is recommended that you search for any articles that may answer your
   question. If the ​Knowledge Base​ does not address what you need, click the
   Submit a Request​ link at the top right of the page.
3. Fill out all of the mandatory fields and dropdowns marked with a r​ ed​ a
                                                                           ​ sterisk*​.


 Note:​ ​ When filling out the Description area, the more specific, the better the
 helpdesk agent will be able to assist you. Attached screenshots are optional but
 recommended.


4. Click ‘Submit’. You will receive a notification at the top of your screen and a
   confirmation email immediately after submission. Any updates will be
   communicated to you via email from the ​Vroozi Helpdesk.
5. If you need to add more information to your ticket, or respond to a helpdesk
   agent, simply reply to the email. You may cc other people, and they will be
   included on ​all​ future ticket correspondences. When the ticket is solved, or is
   pending your response, you will also be notified via email.




                                                                       ​Getting Started ​ 6
NAVIGATION BASICS
HYPERLINKS
Anytime font or document numbers are displayed in blue, this indicates a hyperlink
to view more specific details regarding that item or document.
Purchase Requester example:                 Accounts Payable example::




EXPAND FIELD
Downward arrows as shown below indicate you can expand the
field to reveal additional options.
Expanded Field revealed




                                                                    ​Getting Started ​ 7
