Invite a Supplier User to the Portal
Grab & Go​ on creating and inviting supplier portal users.




‘Supplier User’ Roles
Administrator:​ ​ C
                  ​ reate users, edit the company profile, add comments to and create all
transactional documents.

Order Processor:​ ​ ​Reject and confirm POs, create invoices and
ASNs and add comments to transactional documents.

Content Manager:​ M
                  ​ anage their Vroozi Catalog content with a
single sign on via the Portal. Content Managers can create and
update catalogs on the buying organization’s behalf. Buying
organization approval will still be required before changes go live.

   ●   Like and administrator and order processor, they can also
       complete all portal transactional flows



Steps:
   1. Navigate to the Supplier Users view within ​Supplier Portal → Users
   2. Select ‘Invite a new user’
   3. Link to the employee’s Supplier




   4. Complete all details & select the user role
   5. Customize the Invitation email message and select
      ‘Send Invite(s)’
   6. Supplier user’s record will now be listed in the
      Supplier Tab of their supplier record and under
      Supplier Portal → Users.Once a supplier user is
      invited, their user record is not editable. If edits are
      required, you must remove the user and create a
      new account.
*​Supplier invitation and supplier user creation can also be managed from the existing
Supplier record.


Additional step for ‘​Content Manager’ Users
Note: There are 2
                ​ ​ steps required to set up the Content Manager role.
The Supplier contact must be created as a Supplier Portal user in Vroozi
Purchase a
         ​ nd​ as a supplier user within the Supplier’s record in Vroozi
Catalog.

Steps:
   1. In ​Vroozi Purchase​ via Supplier Portal User creation.

   2. In ​Vroozi Catalog ​via the Supplier’s record. Enter the supplier
      user’s email and name.




                                                                                         2
