                   Buy Route
Where buyers can create purchase orders, convert Requisition line items into PO’s,
view PO statuses, resubmit failed PO’s, and schedule the Purchase Order Activity
report.




Table of Contents:
Buy Route Configuration                                                               1
   Enablement                                                                         1
   Buying Groups                                                                     2

Buy Route Workflow                                                                   3
   Create Order                                                                      3
   Buy Route (PO Status)                                                             7
   PO Processing Status                                                              8
   Buy Route Notifications                                                           8




Buy Route Configuration
Buy Route workflow should be enabled through the creation of Buying Groups.

Buy Route settings can be configured for Catalog and Non-catalog items. Client
default is automatically set to route only non-Catalog Requisitions.

Vroozi Purchase Administrators can configure the behavior of the BuyRoute feature
for their organization.




                                                                          Buy Route ​1
                                                                      Updated 7/13/2020
E​NABLEMENT
If the Buy Route toggle is enabled, all administrators can enable Buy Route for all
non- catalog items.
Buy Route -> Settings

To apply Buy Route to Catalog items, select the additional ‘Catalog Items’




Once this toggle is enabled, all items included in PRs, whether they are catalog
items, or free text items; will be sent into BuyRoute. Where a Buyer with access to
the appropriate Buyer Group, will be able to see the items on their “Ready for
Sourcing” screen upon logging into the system. From here, Buyers can review the
items and add them to a PO.

B​UYING​ G​ROUPS
A Buying Group identifies categories that require buyer assistance and specific
buyers to provide that oversight.

You can use buying groups
regardless of whether your
organization is using BuyRoute.

Buyer Groups are configured and
Managed from M  ​ aster Data -> Buyer
Data​. (shown on right) For further
details regarding Buyer Groups, see
the ​Administrator Guide.

Buyer Group Creation:




                                                                             Buy Route ​2
                                                                        Updated 7/13/2020
Buy Route Workflow
C​REATE​ O​RDER
Buyers can bypass PR workflow and create a rush PO via Buy Route.

Note: ​Only users assigned to the ‘Buyer’ role will be able to create these types of
direct purchase orders.

Step 1:
Login to Vroozi using your buyer role credentials.

Step 2:
From the navigation panel on the left side of the screen, select the ‘Create Order’
option.

Step 3:
The ‘Create Purchase Order’ window will appear.




                                                                              Buy Route ​3
                                                                          Updated 7/13/2020
●   Fill in the required information fields:
         ○ Supplier Name                       ○   FOB Terms (Optional)
         ○ Order Type                          ○   Company Code
         ○ Payment Terms                       ○   Currency
         ○ Order Name




                                                                  Buy Route ​4
                                                              Updated 7/13/2020
Step 4:
Click the green ‘Continue’ button to proceed with the order.




Step 5:
Click the blue ‘Add Item’ button to add line items to the order.




Step 6:
Fill in the required line item fields, same as you would to submit a free text or
non-catalog purchase request.

          1. Type: ​Select product or service)
          2. Category: C​ hoose from pre-existing categories. Use the drop down
             menu or search to select the category which best classifies the line
             item)
                                                                               Buy Route ​5
                                                                           Updated 7/13/2020
          3. Description: P ​ rovide details that will help your Buyer understand the
             need.
          4. Unit price: ​ Cost per
             item or service
          5. Currency: ​Select from
             currencies configured
             for your organization.
                 ● Currency will
                    default to USD
          6. Quantity:​ Enter desired
             amount.
          7. UoM​: Unit of measure
          8. Supplier:​ Choose from
             pre-existing suppliers.
                 ● This field may not
                    be required. In some cases it may be hidden. In these instances,
                    complete as needed.
          9. Service Period or Delivery Date:​ Selection depends on what ‘Type’ of
             item was identified in #1.

Step 7:
Enter the appropriate accounting information for the line item.

Step 8:
Enter the company information for the Purchasing Organization and Plant fields.
Select the correct tax option from the drop down menu (i.e. taxable, tax exempt, etc.)

Note:​ ​Requirements will vary based on your organization’s configurations.




   ●   Click the green ‘Save Item’ button to save the line item to the purchase order.




                                                                              Buy Route ​6
                                                                         Updated 7/13/2020
Step 9:
Repeat steps 5-8 as needed until all line items have been added to the purchase
order. Click the green ‘Continue’ button to proceed once all line items have been
added.




Step 10:
Click the shipping address field and select the appropriate address from the
dropdown menu. Add any internal comments regarding the purchase order and any
notes or instructions for the supplier into the appropriate fields.

Step 11​:
Click the green ‘Finish’ button to create a draft of your purchase order. Review and
verify all information entered into the purchase order is accurate. Add any shipping
instructions if necessary.




Step 12:
Click the green ‘Submit’ button to send the Purchase Order to the supplier.




                                                                            Buy Route ​7
                                                                        Updated 7/13/2020
Step 13:
The Order can then be found in ‘PO Status’ under ‘In Progress’. This status will
remain until the Supplier confirms shipment of the item(s).




B​UY​ R​OUTE​ (PO S​TATUS​)
Use the Tabs at the top of the Buy Route screen to view POs in various statuses of
the procurement process. (shown on next page)

   ●   Drafts:​ Not yet
       submitted to supplier

   ●   In Progress:​ PO Data
       enroute to supplier

   ●   Ordered: ​ Supplier has
       PO and is process

   ●   Cancelled: ​ PO
       cancelled by internal
       user

   ●   Received: ​ Supplier has shipped the items and receipt has been verified via
       creation of a Goods Receipt. A PO will not move into this status until ALL items
       have been received via the Goods Receipt completion. POs not requiring a
       Goods Receipt will automatically move here.

   ●   Invoiced: ​ Invoice processed.




                                                                             Buy Route ​8
                                                                         Updated 7/13/2020
PO P​ROCESSING​ S​TATUS
Repository for any Purchase Orders that have failed in the order process. You can
click the number to view and review what changes need to be made. The Vroozi
support team is notified if a PO fails and will reach out with details.




B​UY​ R​OUTE​ N​OTIFICATIONS
Buyers:

Will receive email notification when a PR requires Buy Route review. Selecting ‘View
Purchase Request’ will navigate the Buyer to the specific PR within Vroozi.




Requesters:

Will receive email notification as the PR progresses through the Buy Route flow:

   1. The Requisition review is complete
   2. The PR has converted to a Purchase Order. (shown below)
         ● Select View Purchase Order to see if any changes have been made.




                                                                           Buy Route ​9
                                                                       Updated 7/13/2020
3. The P0 has been submitted to the Supplier.




                                                   Buy Route ​10
                                                Updated 7/13/2020
