  Request for Quote
       Guide
Request for Quote (RFQ) enables buying organizations to request quotes for services
and/or products. The selected suppliers can then reply to the request with a bid that
is either accepted or rejected. Once the best price and/or terms are obtained, the
quote will convert to a Requisition draft where once submitted will go through any
designated financial review.




Table of Contents
Workflows & Roles                                                                      3
   Buyer                                                                               3
           Alternate Buyer Setting                                                     3
   RFQ Workflow #1                                                                     4
   RFQ Workflow #2                                                                     5
   RFQ Workflow #3                                                                     6

Step by Step Workflow                                                                  7
   Create an RFQ from ‘Ready for Sourcing’                                            15
   Compare Bids                                                                       15
   RFQ List                                                                           17
   Copy RFQs                                                                         20




                                                                                 RFQs​ 1​
                                                                        Updated 2/7/2020
         RFQs​ 2
               ​
Updated 2/7/2020
Workflows & Roles
B​UYER
(Buy Route & Request for Quote Role)

Has access to both Vroozi Catalog and Vroozi Purchase. Allowed to create POs, add
non-catalog items, add line items from approved PRs and release POs associated
with their assigned buyer group.
   ● Access to Catalog content in smartOCI, is based on
       assigned Content Views
   ● Unable to administer, create, update or delete any
       catalogs in the Content Manager

  Additional Permissions:
   ● Ability to code/edit a PR/PO may be restricted at user
     creation.
   ● Manage Suppliers

Alternate Buyer Setting

Similar to the ‘Out of Office’ functionality for Financial Approvers, Buyers may set an
Alternate Buyer​ to act on their behalf. When configured, in the Buyer’s Profile the
Alternate Buyer​ can be selected from a pre-populated list of all users with the B​ uyer
role. (shown below)




In this scenario, when an RFQ form is submitted by a Requester, both the original
Buyer and designated Alternate Buyer will receive email notification of the form.
Both Buyers can take the appropriate actions against it. Once one Buyer opens the
form, the RFQ is then assigned to them and will be removed from the other Buyer’s
‘Submitted Requests’ view.



There are ​three ​(3)​ possible RFQ Workflows based on how or Requesters and
Buyers are configured.

                                                                                    RFQs​ 3
                                                                                          ​
                                                                           Updated 2/7/2020
RFQ W​ORKFLOW​ #1
Requester has permission to ‘Submit Request Forms’. Buyer brings expertise to
submit the request to Suppliers, approve bids and release back to the Requester.

 ●   Requester initiates the RFQ process and assigns a Buyer. The assigned Buyer
     reviews quote, adds additional details and submits to suppliers. Once supplier
     bids are received, the Buyer will accept a bid and send the Request draft back
     to the Requester with the accepted supplier and line item details. The
     Requester will then complete the Requisition, triggering the next phase in the
     procurement workflow; financial review if applicable or conversion to PO.




                                                                                RFQs​ 4
                                                                                      ​
                                                                       Updated 2/7/2020
RFQ W​ORKFLOW​ #2
Requester is able to ‘Submit RFQ to Suppliers’ and will incur all responsibilities
associated with the Buyer in Workflow #1.




                                                                                    RFQs​ 5
                                                                                          ​
                                                                           Updated 2/7/2020
RFQ is initiated from ‘Create RFQ’.




RFQ W​ORKFLOW​ #3
Ability to create RFQs is limited to only users with the Buyer or Administrator role.
The Buyer initiates the RFQ process, submits to Supplies, approves/rejects bids and
converts the bid to submitted requisition is done by the Buyer.




                                                                                  RFQs​ 6
                                                                                        ​
                                                                         Updated 2/7/2020
Step by Step Workflow
The following contains Workflow #1. The Buyer or Requester role can be omitted for
Workflows #2 and #3, respectively.




Requester:​ ​ Creates Request Form




   1. Name your request.
   2. For each line item added, select Product or Service.
   3. Provide a Description.


    Tip:​ Be as specific as possible. Any additional requests about price, etc can be
    added in the comments field at the bottom of the RFQ.


   4. Select Category (optional)

                                                                                   RFQs​ 7
                                                                                         ​
                                                                          Updated 2/7/2020
         ●  The Category field will include a pre-defined list of categories previously
            created in the Vroozi system.
         ● Once the category is selected, the buyers and groups listed under
            ‘Assignment of Buyer or Buyer Group’ will populate a listing of the
            appropriate buyer groups associated with that category.
   5. Enter needed Quantify
   6. Select UOM
   7. Desired Delivery
   8. Choose suppliers to recommend.
         ●   This can be left empty if Employee does not have any.




         ●   If needed, add new recommended supplier (shown below)




   9. Assign a Buyer
          ● Add additional message (optional)
   10. Submit



Buyer:​ ​Receives email notification of the Employee’s Request. The email will
include the Request Form Number the subject line and all pertinent details in the
body of the email.




                                                                                  RFQs​ 8
                                                                                        ​
                                                                         Updated 2/7/2020
Requester:​ ​ The Requester will be notified via email when the Buyer edits the
Request.




      The request can be accessed via email by clicking ‘Review Request Form’ This
      will take the Buyer to the RFQ which will be housed under ‘RFQ List’ →
      ‘Submitted Request’

           ●   Submitted: Employee has submitted the Request to Buyer
           ●   Converted: Buyer has converted the Request to an RFQ




                                                                               RFQs​ 9
                                                                                     ​
                                                                      Updated 2/7/2020
Buyer:​ ​ V
          ​ iews all details of the Request. If ready to move forward, selects ‘Convert
to RFQ.’ (shown below)




      Completes required details for RFQ and edit all other details as needed.

          1. End due dates for Supplier Bids
          2. Select a category for each requested line item.
          3. Add notes to the Supplier. (While this field is optional, this is a good
             location to include any pricing specifications)
          4. Submit for bidding.




                                                                                    RFQs​ 1​ 0
                                                                            Updated 2/7/2020
Buyer:​ ​Once submitted the RFQ will be viewable in the ‘Submitted RFQs’ tab
within the ‘RFQ List’ category.




Requester:​ ​ Receives email notification that the request has been submitted to
Supplier(s). The email notification will include the Sourcing Approver’s name and
RFQ number.




                                                                                RFQs​ 1​ 1
                                                                        Updated 2/7/2020
Supplier: ​ ​Receives email notification of the request for bid.




After selecting ‘Create Bid’ the supplier will be directed to the Quote draft where
they can complete the required details. (​ shown below)




                                                                                  RFQs​ 1​ 2
                                                                          Updated 2/7/2020
Buyer:​ ​ Views bids by clicking on the bid number. If appropriate awards or rejects
the bids.

   ●   Awarded bid​ = Award status
   ●   Rejected bid​ = Rejected status
   ●   Acknowledged = Supplier has received and opened the supplier webform but
       not submitted it




   ●   See Compare Bids section.




                                                                                RFQs​ 1​ 3
                                                                        Updated 2/7/2020
   ●   Status of bid converts from ‘Submitted’ to ‘Awarded’




   ●   RFQs with Awarded bids can be retrieved in the Awarded Bids tab of the ‘RFQ
       List’ category.




Buyer: ​ The awarded bid is assigned back to the Requester to complete the PR.




   ●   This action creates the Purchase Request draft and is reflected in the status.




Requester: ​ Retrieves the PR in ‘draft’ status
                                                                                  RFQs​ 1​ 4
                                                                          Updated 2/7/2020
   ●   Completes all required details and submits PR for approval.
   ●   The completed Purchase Request will go through an approval workflow per
       the buying organization’s configuration.



C​REATE​ ​AN​ RFQ ​FROM​ ‘R​EADY​ F​ OR​ S​OURCING​’
From ‘Ready for Sourcing, Buyers can create an RFQ.

   ●   Once the PO(s) are selected for Sourcing. Click the ellipses to select ‘Prepare
       RFQ’




C​OMPARE​ B​IDS
Once bids have been submitted by suppliers, use the ‘Compare’ feature to view bids
side by side before awarding one.


                                                                                  RFQs​ 1​ 5
                                                                          Updated 2/7/2020
From the ‘Bid Overview’ portion of the RFQ Draft, check the box next to each Bid.




Select ‘Compare.’




Before acceptance, bids can be compared side by side. Once comparison is
complete, close the ‘Bid Comparison’ screen and select your bid.




                                                                               RFQs​ 1​ 6
                                                                       Updated 2/7/2020
RFQ L​IST
As seen by​ Employees ​with Permission to Submit Request Forms
Provides visibility to your company’s Request for Quote (RFQ) process. Within the
RFQ List, the system will sort all RFQs based on their Status. Select each Status in the
top tabs to review the RFQs in various stages.
   Requests in Draft
   This section shows all the requests that are currently open and in draft by users.
   These forms have not yet been submitted to the buyers for processing.
          1. Request #: ​ Unique number associated with each draft.
          2. Request Name:​ Naming convention given at time of creation
          3. Requester Name:​ User who created the drafted Request.
          4. Created Date:​ Date Request draft was initiated.




   Submitted Requests
   This section shows all requisitions submitted from users to buyers to convert into
   Request for Quotes which are then submitted to specific suppliers.
          1. Request Name: ​Name Requester has attached to the RFQ
          2. Status:
                     ○ Converted
                     ○ Submitted




                                                                                  RFQs​ 1​ 7
                                                                          Updated 2/7/2020
   Note:​ ‘Submitted Requests’ and ‘Submitted RFQs’ will include a Status
   update.



RFQs in Draft
This section shows all Request for Quotes (RFQs) that buyers are currently
working and have not yet been submitted to any suppliers.
      1. RFQ #: ​ Unique number associated with each RFQ.
      2. RFQ Name:​ Naming convention entered at the time of creation
      3. Requester Name:​ User who submitted the RFQ.
      4. Created Date:​ Date request was initiated.




Submitted RFQs
This section shows all Request for quotes (RFQs) that buyers have submitted to
suppliers for bidding. In this section the Bids will have multiple statuses


                                                                            RFQs​ 1​ 8
                                                                    Updated 2/7/2020
(Submitted, A
            ​ ccepted​, Cancelled, Closed), depending on the action taken by
both the buyer and supplier.
      1. Bid Overview: ​ A unique Bid number is created for each Supplier Bid.
      2. Due Date: D​ eadline set by the requester for Supplier(s) to submit bids.
      3. Status:
            ○ Closed - Bidding has ceased
            ○ Submitted - RFQ has been submitted and is now awaiting
                Supplier(s) bid.
            ○ Expired - Bid due date has passed
      4. Submitted Date: D  ​ ate the RFQ was submitted for quotes. Does not
         indicate when RFQ was viewed by Supplier.




                                                                             RFQs​ 1​ 9
                                                                     Updated 2/7/2020
   Awarded Bids
   This section shows all RFQs that have been ‘Awarded’ to a supplier or ‘Converted’
   into requisitions for approval and PO creation.

         1. Bid #: A unique Bid number is created for each Supplier Bid.

         2. RFQ #: The original RFQ from which the Bid is produced. In many cases
            there will be multiple Bids from the same RFQ number.

         3. Requester Name: User who submitted the RFQ.

         4. Supplier: Name of Supplier included in bid.

         5. Status: Indicates whether the Bid has been Awarded or a PR has been
            created

         6. Awarded Date: Date bid was converted into a PO.




C​OPY​ RFQ​S
Users can copy the RFQ document either from the display RFQ page or the RFQ list
page by clicking on the ellipsis and selecting “Copy RFQ.”




                                                                              RFQs​ 2​ 0
                                                                       Updated 2/7/2020
Extend Bid due Date and Time: ​Users have the ability to extend the bid due
date/time on an RFQ after an RFQ has been submitted to suppliers. This gives users
the flexibility to allow for ample time for the bidding process to complete, ensuring
they get the best value with each Quote they receive.




When you click on the Pencil (edit) icon, the user will receive the following modal
which will allow him/her to change the bid Due Date for the selected RFQ.




                                                                                 RFQs​ 2
                                                                                       ​ 1
                                                                         Updated 2/7/2020
